
11 June 2024, 08:11 BST
Chief Investment Office GWM
Investment Research

Harvesting volatility risk premia across assets
Derivatives Strategy
 
 Authors: Luca Henzen, Analyst, UBS Switzerland AG; Moritz Vontobel, Analyst, UBS Switzerland AG; Luca Giglioli, Analyst, UBS Switzerland AG

• Often, the market-implied volatility of a financial
asset exceeds the subsequent realized volatility.
This risk premium in volatility can be collected to
generate income.

• In recent years, the positive correlation between
equities and bonds undermined the robustness of a
balanced asset allocation. We believe that volatility
risk premia are a valid alternative asset class that can
improve the risk-return profile of a portfolio thanks
to the low correlation to traditional risk premia such
as equity, duration, and credit.

• The CIO Cross-Asset Short-Volatility Portfolio is
designed to generate consistent returns while
minimizing drawdowns through: 1) diversifying
volatility exposure across multiple assets, 2)
embedding defensive mechanisms in the design
of the volatility-carry strategies, and 3) actively
managing the exposures.

Source: UBS

 
With this report we formally close the theme "Harvesting
the equity Volatility Risk Premium," launched in April 2022,
and start a new theme focused on harvesting volatility
risk premia on multiple assets. The authors would like to
acknowledge the assistance of Michael Papadogeorgos in
the preparation of this report.

Our view

In recent years, the correlation between equities and bonds
has often turned positive, impairing the diversification
benefits of combining the two asset classes in a balanced
portfolio. The quest for alternative and uncorrelated return
sources continues. To reinforce portfolio diversification,
investors would need to broaden their scope beyond
traditional risk premia such as equity, duration, and credit.
We believe volatility risk premia offer an attractive risk-
return profile that can complement or even replace standard
income sources and help increase portfolio robustness.

Since the COVID-induced market-crisis in March 2020, it
took more than three years for the US equity volatility
index VIX to return to a low volatility regime. The pandemic
followed by the inflation surge in 2022 kept financial market
volatility elevated, likely dissuading many investors from
selling to generate carry. Over the past 12 months, the
resilience of the global economy against high interest rates
and the gradual shift of major central banks from rate
hikes to rate cuts have supported risk assets. Consequently,
cross-asset volatility progressively normalized from late 2023
onwards. Except for interest rates, current volatility levels are
relatively low compared to historical standards, making the
choice of which asset to sell volatility on and how to sell it,
i.e., strategy construction, crucial.

This report has been prepared by UBS Switzerland AG. Please see important disclaimers and disclosures at the end
of the document.



Derivatives Strategy

Figure 1 - Cross-asset volatility has normalized...
Levels of volatility indexes across selected assets, since January 2022

Source: Bloomberg,UBS, as of June 2024

Although volatility has declined, the volatility risk premium
—or the difference between implied and realized volatility
—remains positive in several assets (see Fig. 2). In our
view, volatility (risk) premia are an attractive alternative
return source. Not only do they generate stable income
longer term, but can also help improve diversification in a
portfolio. Their low correlation to traditional asset classes are
particularly important when correlation between bonds and
equities turns positive.

Our analysis shows that harvesting volatility premia
generated positive returns in recent years across most major
asset classes. However, investors should be aware of the
risk of selling volatility. Events like the US banking crisis in
March 2023 demonstrated that unexpected risk-off periods
can lift market volatility. Short-volatility, or simply volatility
carry strategies, are particularly sensitive to sudden spikes in
volatility, especially when it increases from very low levels.
To mitigate the risks of left-tail or “black swan” events in
markets, a robust volatility carry strategy should, in our view,
rely on three pillars:
1. Diversification: Spread the systematic monetization of the

volatility risk premium across several assets, ideally with
different risk-return profiles.

2. Defensiveness: Deploy techniques to limit drawdowns by
adjusting exposure to volatility according to moves in the
underlying asset as well as prevailing volatility levels.

3. Active management: Monitor volatility levels and adjust
accordingly exposures to single volatility premia. Keep
track of the latest advances in derivative markets (e.g.,
new instruments) to improve efficiency and robustness.

We believe this approach can help investors navigate
volatility markets and, in our view, enhance the risk-return
profile of a short-volatility strategy compared to a static
single-asset solution.

Figure 2 - ...but volatility risk premia remain
positive
Volatility risk premia of selected assets computed as implied volatility
minus subsequent one-month realized volatility

Source: Bloomberg, UBS, as of May 2024

Risk and return characteristics of
harvesting volatility risk premia

In our publication “Selling options in a portfolio context,”
we explained the nature of the volatility risk premium
(VRP) in equities and when it is most attractive to harvest
it. While most financial assets show a positive average
VRP, this premium is not constant and varies according to
imbalances in supply and demand of options. In general,
high levels of VRP indicate higher risk aversion in markets
and typically happen after a volatility spike when implied
volatility remains elevated

VRP is not constant but, on average, positive

In the appendix, we show the one-month VRP of selected
assets over the past 12 years. As can be seen, long-term
averages are positive, but large swings, in particular to
the downside, have occasionally occurred. For most assets,
the premium quickly turns negative when realized volatility
surges but subsequently reverts staying elevated for a
prolonged period. This can be explained by implied volatility
staying more firm while realized volatility slowly normalizes.
A positive VRP is therefore more pronounced after a volatility
spike, regardless of the underlying asset.

Left-tailed distribution

The distribution of the VRP is not normal. Although for
most assets the distribution has a positive average value, it
also shows a pronounced left tail, i.e., infrequent but large

2

https://secure.ubs.com/public/api/v2/investment-content/documents/1T5eeSZ66-HcPV_mS8D-3Q?apikey=1AS8wxGGWLjxy6J92ees52Uz5ZrWmy6m


Derivatives Strategy

negative values. The last two columns of Table 1 show that
the frequency of very negative VRP values in most assets was
larger compared to a normal distribution (data since 2011).

This negative skewness in the VRP distributions is particularly
important in the selection of the strategy. In our
publication “Investment strategies to harvest the volatility
risk premium,” we list the common solutions that investors
use to get exposure to volatility premia. While the VRP is
frequently measured as the difference between implied and
realized volatility, most strategies provide exposure to the
difference between implied and realized variance. Being the
variance the square of the volatility, extreme negative VRP
values (left-tail events) result in larger losses when measured
on variance compared to volatility, posing an even greater
threat for investors.

Table 1 - Key parameters of VRP distributions
Based on daily data since April 2011

Source: Bloomberg, UBS, as of June 2024

1 Share of VRP levels 3- and 4-standard-deviation below the average.

Different correlation to asset returns

Replacing part of the allocation to traditional asset classes
with a VRP strategy can improve the risk-return profile of a
portfolio. In our report “New theme: Harvesting the equity
volatility risk premium,” we illustrate the case of adding
a systematic S&P 500 short variance swap strategy to a
60/40 equity bond portfolio and demonstrate the benefits
to performance.

In a portfolio context, a key parameter becomes the
correlation between the VRP and the returns of the
underlying asset. In Figure 3, we decomposed the VRP
according to past monthly returns of the underlying asset
and computed its average in each return decile. Two
considerations can be drawn:
1. As expected, the VRP tends to be positive when asset

price’s movements are limited (low realized volatility).
This confirms that a short-volatility strategy can generate

income in sideways markets, also when asset returns are
moderately negative.

2. The behavior of the VRP in the lowest and highest return
deciles is not the same across assets. While for risk assets
(e.g., equities, oil) VRP levels are positively correlated with
price returns, defensive assets such as high-quality bonds
and gold show a more balanced VRP distribution with
a tendency of lower VRP levels in extreme returns. The
difference can be explained by the correlation between
price returns and volatility, which tends to be negative for
risk assets and more nuanced for defensive assets. More
insights into the difference between gold and equity
volatility can be found in our report “Gold: Time to
consider your options.”

Figure 3 - Correlation between volatility premia
and asset returns
Average one-month volatility risk premium according to the return
decile in the specific asset, in %

3

https://secure.ubs.com/public/api/v2/investment-content/documents/m_2Zkro4d1bqwCvLRdjPgA?apikey=1AS8wxGGWLjxy6J92ees52Uz5ZrWmy6m
https://secure.ubs.com/public/api/v2/investment-content/documents/m_2Zkro4d1bqwCvLRdjPgA?apikey=1AS8wxGGWLjxy6J92ees52Uz5ZrWmy6m
https://secure.ubs.com/public/api/v2/investment-content/documents/vjvz3fYzXy04gb_L9S0DKA?apikey=1AS8wxGGWLjxy6J92ees52Uz5ZrWmy6m
https://secure.ubs.com/public/api/v2/investment-content/documents/vjvz3fYzXy04gb_L9S0DKA?apikey=1AS8wxGGWLjxy6J92ees52Uz5ZrWmy6m
https://secure.ubs.com/public/api/v2/investment-content/documents/1rntdiw-OIST64gyLSrLjQ?apikey=1AS8wxGGWLjxy6J92ees52Uz5ZrWmy6m
https://secure.ubs.com/public/api/v2/investment-content/documents/1rntdiw-OIST64gyLSrLjQ?apikey=1AS8wxGGWLjxy6J92ees52Uz5ZrWmy6m


Derivatives Strategy

Source: Bloomberg, UBS, as of June 2024

Note: VRP measured using the following volatility indexes: VIX (S&P 500)
since 1990, TLT VIX (20y+ US Treasuries) since 2004, Cboe Gold ETF
Volatility Index (Gold) since 2008, Cboe Crude Oil ETF Volatility Index (WTI
Crude Oil) since 2007, Cboe EuroCurrency Volatility Index (EURUSD) since
2007.

In Figure 4, we simulated short-volatility strategies that
harvest volatility risk premia by systematically selling 1-
month variance swaps on the respective asset (20 bps
notional sold monthly). We used volatility indexes such as
the VIX or VSTOXX to derive 1-month variance swap strikes.
For illustrative purposes, we assumed these indexes were
tradable, although in practice liquidity in option markets
can be a limitation. As expected, average yearly returns in
all strategies are positive with low realized volatility outside
major drawdowns. Except for March 2020, corrections in
the strategies show low correlation, demonstrating the
benefit of diversification. Nevertheless, the synchronized
sell-off in 2020 suggests that diversification alone is
not enough. Including additional mechanisms to limit
drawdown sensitivity is therefore crucial to improve return
expectations.

Figure 4 - Shorting volatilty generated positive
returns
Cumulative excess return of strategies that sell 1-month variance
swaps on selected asset classes (daily sale of 20bps vega, divided by
21), time series rebased to 100 in January 2012

Source: Bloomberg, UBS, as of June 2024

Note: The results do include an estimate of prevailing trading costs, but
omit any management fee that a product replicating the strategy may
have. Please see the back-test disclaimer at the end of this document.

How to reduce drawdown risks
when selling volatility

Selling volatility can generate steady positive returns longer
term, but big drawdowns can happen occasionally. Timing a
volatility shock is notoriously difficult and, as we explained,
often the return outlook improves after such events. We
therefore favor a systematic approach to sell volatility
based on three pillars: 1) diversifying across multiple assets,
2) embedding defensive mechanisms in the design of
the strategies, and 30) actively managing the volatility
exposures. Compared to a single-asset static solution, we
believe the combination of these components can improve
the outcome of harvesting volatility premia by lowering
sensitivity to downside risks without impairing carry.

1. Diversify exposure to volatility premia

We previously illustrated the presence of a positive volatility
premium with skewed distribution in several financial assets.
Furthermore, assets with different risk-return characteristics
show different VRP dynamics. Harvesting volatility premia
across multiple assets can therefore reduce risks while
keeping positive income generation by the virtue of
diversification. Similar to traditional portfolio construction
approaches, the allocation of investments to a variety of
assets, regions, markets or asset classes can effectively
reduce risks. Ideally, the wider the list of assets with a
positive VRP and distinct risk-return profiles, the better the
outcome in terms of risk-adjusted return and drawdown
mitigation of a volatility carry portfolio.

A few challenges remain when using diversification in
selling volatility. First, investors can only sell volatility of
assets or securities that have a liquid option market.
The available universe is therefore smaller compared to
traditional investment solutions. Second, finding assets that
react differently to markets events is challenging, as surges
in volatility often propagate across markets impairing the
effect of diversification (see COVID crisis in March 2020).
Nevertheless, the universe of instruments to trade volatility
is rapidly expanding and already covers sufficient assets to
allow for an efficient use of diversification when selling
volatility.

2. Defensive design

When implementing a short-volatility strategy, specific
design choices can be applied to reduce drawdown
sensitivity. We differentiate techniques, that take advantage
of market dynamics to minimize risk without directly
impacting income generation, from the selection of

4



Derivatives Strategy

parameters that alter the balance between carry and
drawdown.
In “New theme: Harvesting the equity volatility risk
premium,” we discussed the use of shorter tenors and
option replication to variance swap strategies as two
effective methodologies to reduce drawdowns and times
to recovery, but also to increase carry. More recently, the
introduction of new option expiries on major equity indexes
allowed the implementation of short-volatility strategies
that target the rich one-to-zero-day volatility premium (see
“10+1 Q&As on 0DTE options and the VIX1D”).

Increasing the frequency of delta-hedging to multiples time
during the day is a further technique to optimize income
versus risks. In theory, the delta should be continuously
hedged, but in practice discrete intervals when adjusting
the delta are used. The conventional sampling frequency
is daily, typically based on closing prices (end-of-day), but
increasing the frequency of delta-hedging (e.g., every hour)
can improve the outcome. Trading volumes are not constant
during the day and their impact on the price of a security
can vary significantly in a trading session (e.g., higher end-
of-day flows due to rebalancing). As evidence, the realized
volatility of the S&P 500 has been, on average, marginally
higher if computed using closing prices compared to hourly
prices (see Fig. 5).

Figure 5 - End-of-day versus intraday volatility
One-month realized volatility of the S&P 500 computed using daily-
closing prices (EoD) and hourly prices (Intraday)

Source: UBS, as of June 2024

The difference has been particularly elevated during
drawdown periods, when intraday price movements of
the index were more trending (i.e., positive correlation
between hourly returns). Since the performance of a
short delta-hedged option position is proportional to the
difference between implied and realized volatility, having a
lower measure of realized volatility is ultimately beneficial.
Moreover, Figure 6 shows that the benefits of delta-hedging

more frequently are proportional to the difference between
the realized volatility measures (i.e., end-of-day versus
hourly sampling frequency).

Figure 6 - Intraday delta-hedging can improve
performance
P&L difference of 1-month S&P 500 at-the-money short call positions
with end-of-day and hourly delta-hedging compared to the difference
in realized volatility (end-of-day versus intraday), data since 2008

Source: Bloomberg, UBS, as of June 2024

Other solutions can be applied to reduce risks in a short-
volatility strategy, but given their impact to income we
consider them more a design choice or parameter selection
than a pure optimization. Forgoing some income to buy
downside protection, in form of deep out-of-the-money
puts, when selling delta-hedged strangles on equities, can
effectively limit downside risks. Another methodology is to
combine a short and a long variance swap position with the
latter normally targeting a longer tenor. By increasing the
(vega) notional from the short to the long position, the risk-
return profile of the combined strategy can be shifted from
carry to more defensive or even protection.

Although many of these techniques lead to a higher volume
and frequency of trades, in our view this added complexity
should not be understood as end in itself but a mean to
achieve specific goals: namely increasing resilience against
volatility events in markets and achieving a smoother risk-
adjusted return.

3. Active management

The third pillar involves the active management that
should serve as additional optimization layer to direct VRP
harvesting toward the most attractive assets. Timing market
sell-offs is challenging, with volatility risk premia often
increasing after volatility spikes when investor risk aversion
is high. While we consider diversification and defensive
features the primary defenses against volatility shocks,
adjusting exposure through active management can help

5

https://secure.ubs.com/public/api/v2/investment-content/documents/vjvz3fYzXy04gb_L9S0DKA?apikey=1AS8wxGGWLjxy6J92ees52Uz5ZrWmy6m
https://secure.ubs.com/public/api/v2/investment-content/documents/vjvz3fYzXy04gb_L9S0DKA?apikey=1AS8wxGGWLjxy6J92ees52Uz5ZrWmy6m
https://secure.ubs.com/public/api/v2/investment-content/documents/YCfdlOL83nPgDQmh3tEmlA?apikey=1AS8wxGGWLjxy6J92ees52Uz5ZrWmy6m


Derivatives Strategy

monetize more efficiently elevated volatility premia in the
aftermath.
The VRP is influenced by shifts in supply and demand within
option markets. High VRP levels often draw in volatility
sellers. The emergence of new derivative instruments can
exert further pressure and eventually compress specific
segment of the volatility surface. Consequently, volatility
premia may linger below long-term averages for extended
periods, diminishing the risk-reward of selling volatility.
Continuously monitoring the volatility and the product
landscape enables adjusting the allocation toward more
attractive premia when necessary. Finally, it also ensures that
the strategy remains aligned with the latest innovations and
developments in financial engineering.

Our solution: The CIO Cross-Asset
Short-Volatility Portfolio

The popularity of capital-at-risk products such as reverse
convertibles and the recent trend in option-selling
exchange-traded funds highlight investors’ appetite for
yield-enhancing solutions that sell volatility. However, some
skepticism remain with critics primarily pointing to the losses
incurred by volatility carry products during the February
2018 market shock and the COVID crisis in March 2020.
These events had a profound impact on volatility markets
undermining the confidence of many investors in short-
volatility strategies.

The CIO Cross-Asset Short-Volatility portfolio aims to offer
the optimal platform for harvesting volatility premia by
applying the three components introduced in the previous
section.

Portfolio design

The portfolio is designed to generate consistent returns
while maximizing diversification across the underlying
strategies, minimizing drawdowns, and accounting for
market liquidity. Further, the portfolio construction
accommodates discretionary views in accordance with
contemporary market conditions and ongoing research.
One of the most commonly adopted systematic portfolio
construction approaches is risk parity. In this approach
portfolio weights are calculated such that the risk
contributed to the portfolio from each of the underlying
constituents is the same. Risk Parity has been successfully
adopted by many institutional investors, particularly for
asset allocation and equity portfolios. The technique is
especially suitable where the underlying instruments exhibit
clear periods of heterogeneous volatility clustering, and

where increased volatility is associated with decreased
performance, such as with global equities. However, the
time series of returns of volatility carry strategies do not
normally exhibit volatility clustering, and thus short-term
measures of risk are not normally predictive. In fact, some of
the periods with the highest performance can be observed
at points where risk is high, and, as discussed, it can be
challenging to reliably forecastthe volatility premia over
short horizons. Accordingly, we have established long-term
base weights for the portfolio that are calibrated using
maximal data across numerous market regimes. We then tilt
the weights from the base weights according to observed
market conditions and in accordance with CIO views and
research.

Figure 7 - Portfolio construction
Illustrative diagram of the portfolio construction optimization

Source: UBS, as of June 2024

To incorporate the design aspects, the portfolio is
constructed in three phases as illustrated in Figure 7. We
first calculate the long-term base weights by optimizing
with maximum diversification as described by Choueifaty
and Coignard (2008). The method maximizes the ratio of
the weighted-sum of individual strategy volatilities to the
portfolio volatility, thus exploiting the diversification offered
by the correlations between strategies. In the second step,
discretionary inputs tilt the portfolio according to market
conditions, forming a ‘target’ portfolio. Finally, a second
optimization process is used where the tracking error to the
target portfolio is minimized subject to capacity and liquidity
constraints, forming the final portfolio.

6



Derivatives Strategy

Target investors
In our view, such a portfolio is suitable for three types of
investors:
1. Income-oriented investors who tilt their asset allocation

toward high-yielding asset classes such as credit or
dividend stocks could benefit from an additional income
source. Harvesting volatility premia demonstrated its
ability to generate stable income outside significant
market risk-off events. Our portfolio mitigates the
common downside risks of a short-volatility strategy
while maintaining an attractive carry profile.

2. Due to its low correlation to traditional asset classes, the
CIO Cross-Asset Short-Volatility portfolio is particularly
well suited to investors seeking to enhance the
overall diversification and robustness of their portfolio.
Volatility risk premia become particularly attractive when
traditional diversification sources, such as high-quality
bonds, come under pressure. A recent example is the
bond bear market of 2022, during which market volatility
was elevated. During this period, harvesting volatility risk
premia in specific assets like Eurozone equities or oil
delivered positive performance.

3. Considering its sophisticated nature, the CIO Cross-Asset
Short-Volatility portfolio can be considered as alternative
investment. It can help investors who want to enhance
their allocation to non-traditional investments. Thanks
to its low correlation to alternative investments like
risk-parity or hedge funds, it is in our view a valid
complement.

Risks of the CIO Cross-Asset Short-Volatility portfolio
The goal of the portfolio is to generate positive income
while reducing drawdown sensitivity and maximizing
diversification within the constituent strategies and versus
traditional asset classes. At the end, however, the strategy
sells market insurance in form of volatility or options and
thus risks cannot be fully mitigated but only minimized. In
our view the following is a list of major risks.

First, history confirms that from time to time financial
markets experience bouts of heightened volatility. These
risk-off periods typically are the result of any number of
factors such as economic uncertainty, monetary or fiscal
policy changes, financial contagion or geopolitical tension.
In such events, the realized volatility of an asset can
quickly rise, exceeding prevailing implied volatility. While the
principle of diversifying volatility exposure across multiple
underlying assets helps mitigate drawdown sensitivity,
negative returns during volatile periods are still possible.
Second, although defensive mechanisms in the single
strategies and the active management are meant to adjust

exposure to volatility according to risks and volatility levels,
unexpected spikes in volatility can happen very quickly
within a few hours or, in the worst case, when markets are
closed. In such situation, any adjustment of the exposure
would likely come too late to prevent initial losses in the
strategies.

Third, VRP levels are the major drivers of performance in the
single strategies. As a consequence, periods of prolonged
low volatility risk premia in several assets may translate into
subdued performance of the portfolio. We see the active
management as a way to mitigate this risk by reallocation
to assets with more attractive volatility risk premia.

References

Choueifaty, Y., Coignard, "Towards Maximum
Diversification," Journal of Portfolio Management, Fall 2008
pp. 40-51.

Appendix

7



Derivatives Strategy

Figure 8 - Volatility risk premia across assets
One-month volatility risk premium (difference between implied and
subsequent realized volatility) on selected assets, in volatility points

Source: Bloomberg, UBS, as of June 2024

Note: VRP measured using the following volatility indexes: VIX (S&P 500),
TLT VIX (20y+ US Treasuries), Cboe Gold ETF Volatility Index (Gold), Cboe
Crude Oil ETF Volatility Index (WTI Crude Oil), Cboe EuroCurrency Volatility
Index (EURUSD).

8



Derivatives Strategy

Back-test disclaimer
The performance of a back-test simulation does not represent the actual performance of any live strategy, but rather
depicts the theoretical performance of a particular strategy over the selected period. In future periods, market and economic
conditions will differ and the same strategy will not necessarily produce the same results. Back-tested results are created
by applying an investment strategy or methodology to historical data, and they attempt to give an indication as to how a
strategy might have performed during a certain period in the past. Back-tested results have inherent limitations, including
the fact that they are calculated with the full benefit of hindsight. The results shown do include an estimate of prevailing
trading costs, but omit any management fee that a product replicating the strategy may have.

Main risks of investing in options
Unlike owning or shorting a security, option contracts are, by definition, governed by a finite duration. An option buyer
faces the risk of losing the entire amount of the premium paid. An option writer, however, faces a higher level of risk,
as the potential loss can be significant if the option expires in-the-money. Since options investments usually require less
capital compared with an equivalent position in the underlying asset, the losses of an option investor are usually smaller.
The exception to this general rule occurs when options are used to provide leverage.

9



Derivatives Strategy

Appendix

Risk Information
UBS Chief Investment Office's ("CIO") investment views are prepared and published by the Global Wealth Management
business of UBS Switzerland AG (regulated by FINMA in Switzerland) or its affiliates ("UBS"), part of UBS Group AG ("UBS
Group"). UBS Group includes former Credit Suisse AG, its subsidiaries, branches and affiliates. Additional disclaimer relevant
to Credit Suisse Wealth Management follows at the end of this section.
The investment views have been prepared in accordance with legal requirements designed to promote the independence
of investment research.
Generic investment research – Risk information:
This publication is for your information only and is not intended as an offer, or a solicitation of an offer, to buy or sell
any investment or other specific product. The analysis contained herein does not constitute a personal recommendation or
take into account the particular investment objectives, investment strategies, financial situation and needs of any specific
recipient. It is based on numerous assumptions. Different assumptions could result in materially different results. Certain
services and products are subject to legal restrictions and cannot be offered worldwide on an unrestricted basis and/or may
not be eligible for sale to all investors. All information and opinions expressed in this document were obtained from sources
believed to be reliable and in good faith, but no representation or warranty, express or implied, is made as to its accuracy
or completeness (other than disclosures relating to UBS). All information and opinions as well as any forecasts, estimates
and market prices indicated are current as of the date of this report, and are subject to change without notice. Opinions
expressed herein may differ or be contrary to those expressed by other business areas or divisions of UBS as a result of
using different assumptions and/or criteria. UBS may utilise artificial intelligence tools (“AI Tools”) in the preparation of this
document. Notwithstanding any such use of AI Tools, this document has undergone human review.
In no circumstances may this document or any of the information (including any forecast, value, index or other calculated
amount ("Values")) be used for any of the following purposes (i) valuation or accounting purposes; (ii) to determine the
amounts due or payable, the price or the value of any financial instrument or financial contract; or (iii) to measure the
performance of any financial instrument including, without limitation, for the purpose of tracking the return or performance
of any Value or of defining the asset allocation of portfolio or of computing performance fees. By receiving this document
and the information you will be deemed to represent and warrant to UBS that you will not use this document or otherwise
rely on any of the information for any of the above purposes. UBS and any of its directors or employees may be entitled at
any time to hold long or short positions in investment instruments referred to herein, carry out transactions involving relevant
investment instruments in the capacity of principal or agent, or provide any other services or have officers, who serve as
directors, either to/for the issuer, the investment instrument itself or to/for any company commercially or financially affiliated
to such issuers. At any time, investment decisions (including whether to buy, sell or hold securities) made by UBS and its
employees may differ from or be contrary to the opinions expressed in UBS research publications. Some investments may not
be readily realizable since the market in the securities is illiquid and therefore valuing the investment and identifying the risk
to which you are exposed may be difficult to quantify. UBS relies on information barriers to control the flow of information
contained in one or more areas within UBS, into other areas, units, divisions or affiliates of UBS. Futures and options trading
is not suitable for every investor as there is a substantial risk of loss, and losses in excess of an initial investment may occur.
Past performance of an investment is no guarantee for its future performance. Additional information will be made available
upon request. Some investments may be subject to sudden and large falls in value and on realization you may receive back
less than you invested or may be required to pay more. Changes in foreign exchange rates may have an adverse effect on
the price, value or income of an investment. The analyst(s) responsible for the preparation of this report may interact with
trading desk personnel, sales personnel and other constituencies for the purpose of gathering, synthesizing and interpreting
market information.
Different areas, groups, and personnel within UBS Group may produce and distribute separate research products
independently of each other. For example, research publications from CIO are produced by UBS Global Wealth
Management. UBS Global Research is produced by UBS Investment Bank. Research methodologies and rating systems
of each separate research organization may differ, for example, in terms of investment recommendations, investment
horizon, model assumptions, and valuation methods. As a consequence, except for certain economic forecasts (for which
UBS CIO and UBS Global Research may collaborate), investment recommendations, ratings, price targets, and valuations
provided by each of the separate research organizations may be different, or inconsistent. You should refer to each relevant
research product for the details as to their methodologies and rating system. Not all clients may have access to all products
from every organization. Each research product is subject to the policies and procedures of the organization that produces it.
The compensation of the analyst(s) who prepared this report is determined exclusively by research management and senior
management (not including investment banking). Analyst compensation is not based on investment banking, sales and
trading or principal trading revenues, however, compensation may relate to the revenues of UBS Group as a whole, of which
investment banking, sales and trading and principal trading are a part.
Tax treatment depends on the individual circumstances and may be subject to change in the future. UBS does not provide
legal or tax advice and makes no representations as to the tax treatment of assets or the investment returns thereon both in

10



Derivatives Strategy

general or with reference to specific client's circumstances and needs. We are of necessity unable to take into account the
particular investment objectives, financial situation and needs of our individual clients and we would recommend that you
take financial and/or tax advice as to the implications (including tax) of investing in any of the products mentioned herein.
This material may not be reproduced or copies circulated without prior authority of UBS. Unless otherwise agreed in writing
UBS expressly prohibits the distribution and transfer of this material to third parties for any reason. UBS accepts no liability
whatsoever for any claims or lawsuits from any third parties arising from the use or distribution of this material. This report
is for distribution only under such circumstances as may be permitted by applicable law. For information on the ways in
which CIO manages conflicts and maintains independence of its investment views and publication offering, and research
and rating methodologies, please visit www.ubs.com/research-methodology. Additional information on the relevant authors
of this publication and other CIO publication(s) referenced in this report; and copies of any past reports on this topic; are
available upon request from your client advisor.
Important Information About Sustainable Investing Strategies: Sustainable investing strategies aim to consider
and incorporate environmental, social and governance (ESG) factors into investment process and portfolio construction.
Strategies across geographies approach ESG analysis and incorporate the findings in a variety of ways. Incorporating ESG
factors or Sustainable Investing considerations may inhibit UBS’s ability to participate in or to advise on certain investment
opportunities that otherwise would be consistent with the Client’s investment objectives. The returns on a portfolio
incorporating ESG factors or Sustainable Investing considerations may be lower or higher than portfolios where ESG factors,
exclusions, or other sustainability issues are not considered by UBS, and the investment opportunities available to such
portfolios may differ.
External Asset Managers / External Financial Consultants: In case this research or publication is provided to an External
Asset Manager or an External Financial Consultant, UBS expressly prohibits that it is redistributed by the External Asset
Manager or the External Financial Consultant and is made available to their clients and/or third parties.
USA: This document is not intended for distribution into the US and / or to US persons.
For country information, please visit ubs.com/cio-country-disclaimer-gr or ask your client advisor for the full disclaimer.
Additional Disclaimer relevant to Credit Suisse Wealth Management
You receive this document in your capacity as a client of Credit Suisse Wealth Management. Your personal data will be
processed in accordance with the Credit Suisse privacy statement accessible at your domicile through the official Credit
Suisse website. In order to provide you with marketing materials concerning our products and services, UBS Group AG and
its subsidiaries may process your basic personal data (i.e. contact details such as name, e-mail address) until you notify us
that you no longer wish to receive them. You can optout from receiving these materials at any time by informing your
Relationship Manager.
Except as otherwise specified herein and/or depending on the local Credit Suisse entity from which you are receiving this
report, this report is distributed by UBS Switzerland AG, authorised and regulated by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory
Authority (FINMA).
Version A/2025. CIO82652744
© UBS 2025. The key symbol and UBS are among the registered and unregistered trademarks of UBS. All rights reserved.

11

http://www.ubs.com/research-methodology
https://www.ubs.com/global/en/wealthmanagement/insights/chief-investment-office/country-disclaimer-gr.html

