
5 July 2024, 15:18 BST
Chief Investment Office GWM
Investment Research

Artificial intelligence: Sizing and seizing the
investment opportunity
Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Artificial Intelligence

Ulrike Hoffmann-Burchardi, Head CIO Global Equities, UBS Financial Services Inc. (UBS FS)
Kevin Dennean, CFA, CIO Equity Strategist, US Technology & Telecom, UBS Financial Services Inc. (UBS FS)
Achille Monnet, CIO Equity Sector Strategist, UBS Switzerland AG
Alexander Stiehler, CFA, CIO Head of Longer Term Investment Themes, UBS Switzerland AG
Sundeep Gantori, CFA, CAIA, CIO Equity Strategist, UBS AG Singapore Branch
Delwin Kurnia Limas, CFA, Equity Strategist, UBS AG Singapore Branch
Bennett Chu, CAIA, Equity Strategist, UBS AG Singapore Branch
Linda Mazziotta, CFA, Strategist, UBS Switzerland AG
Nikolaos Fostieris, Strategist, UBS Switzerland AG
Antonia Sariyska, CIO Sustainable and Impact Investing Strategist, UBS Switzerland AG

• ChatGPT is a watershed moment for artificial intelligence (AI) and
its adoption. We are witnessing the start of a major investment
boom and technological advance that may fundamentally affect all
economic sectors.

• However, use cases need to develop further to justify these
investments. In the early innings of the AI era, we recommend
investors to focus on vertically integrated players across the AI value
chain, as those businesses combine good visibility on monetization
and strong competitive positioning.

• In this report, we outline our investment framework to identify AI
opportunities; shed light on how AI works; highlight its implications
for the global economy, sustainable development, and individual
sectors; and share where we think investors should focus.

Introduction

November 30, 2022. We will look back at this date as the watershed moment
for a new innovation cycle, one that may prove to be the biggest and most
profound in human history. The launch of ChatGPT on that day was an
inflection point for broad adoption of artificial intelligence (AI), much like the
Netscape browser was for the internet and Windows for the PC. The term
artificial intelligence dates back to 1955 when the word was first introduced
by John McCarthy at Dartmouth College. With the launch of ChatGPT, AI
has now gone mainstream. ChatGPT saw the fastest user adoption ever,
attracting 100 million users in just two months after its launch.

Three features distinguish this new wave of generative AI from past versions:
its ability to generate content; the scale of data inputs, model parameters,
and compute; and its adaptive learning. Generative AI can generate human-
like long-form content such as text, images, and video. It uses vast amounts

 

This report has been prepared by UBS Financial Services Inc. (UBS FS), UBS Switzerland AG, UBS AG Singapore Branch.
Please see important disclaimers and disclosures at the end of the document.



Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Artificial Intelligence

of data to identify patterns to generate content. For example, ChatGPT was
trained on around 300 billion words, representing 570 gigabytes of data1.
The models adaptively learn over time as they process more data and improve
their ability to generate relevant output.

With more than 18 months into this cycle, some are beginning to
wonder whether AI has become overhyped—and others whether it’s
underappreciated. The rate of innovation is so rapid that the potential of
generative AI applications continuously exceeds already lofty expectations.
Over the last two years alone, large language models have gone from
mediocre to expert test takers2. Text-to-image models have gone from
designing avocado chairs to creating videos of red pandas running around a
bamboo forest inside a Petri dish. The context window has gone from 16,000
tokens to 1 million in less than a year.

The range of problems that AI can address keeps growing, enhancing the
productivity of knowledge workers every day. With 1 billion knowledge
workers worldwide, the productivity gains could easily surpass that of the
internet—making it one of the biggest investment opportunities over the
next decades.

The potential of this new productivity boom has kicked off a capex cycle to
build AI data centers that will likely surpass the size of traditional data centers
in the next few years. To justify these investments, we have to see use cases
materialize at scale—whether in advertising, customer service, personal and
coding assistants, R&D, cybersecurity, and more.

The purpose of chapter 1 is to outline a framework for the investment
opportunity set of this new technology. For equities, nothing impacts returns
more profoundly than innovation. A mere 2.4% of companies have been
responsible for close to 100% of net wealth creation in the stock market
since 19903. These companies have driven most of the growth, fueled by
innovation around the internet, mobile, and cloud. We believe over the next
decades, the companies that provide and adopt AI will be at the top of this
league table.

2



Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Artificial Intelligence

Content overview

Ten predictions about AI
1. AI will be the most profound innovation and one of the largest

investment opportunities in human history

2. AI will kick off a data center capex cycle that will dwarf general purpose
data center capex in the next years

3. The ratio of monetization of the AI application layer to the costs of the
enabling and intelligence layers will become a key metric for investment
returns

4. The race to artificial general intelligence (AGI) could trigger a capex cycle
that inflates an investment bubble where the capex of the enabling layer
is dissociated from near-term monetization potential of the application
layer

5. The AI enablers will be the first adopters of AI, driving both revenue and
margin upside

6. Monolithic players will emerge along the AI value chain and over time,
the AI market will be dominated by an oligopoly of vertically integrated
“AI foundries”

3



Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Artificial Intelligence

7. The AI silicon moment: AI chips will capture a large part of the AI value
creation

8. The application and intelligence layers will merge with AGI

9. Software will become ubiquitous

10. Data assets will emerge as the competitive differentiators for AI adopters

Chapter 1: Just how large? Sizing the AI
opportunity

“The potential size of this market is hard to grasp—somewhere between all
software and all human endeavors.” 4

1. How large could the AI opportunity become?

Top-down

Estimates for the size of the AI market vary widely—from Bloomberg’s USD
1.3tr by 20325 to McKinsey's USD 4.4tr6. Still, most agree that annual
AI-related revenues could reach the trillion-dollar threshold over the next
decade. A top-down approach to estimating AI’s value creation is to assess
the productivity improvement that results from adding AI tools to knowledge
workers. Generative AI can improve workers’ ability to do cognitively
challenging knowledge work. Examples of such tasks include using AI
to develop new products or services, problem solve, or create business
strategies. Based on estimates from Gartner, there are 1 billion knowledge
workers worldwide. Only two of the International Labor Organization (ILO)
categories of workers can be considered as consisting of knowledge workers:
managers and clerical staff. For both, the average annual salary is USD
29,0007.

While it is too early to accurately quantify the aggregate productivity
enhancements from AI, anecdotal evidence suggests substantial efficiency
gains. For example, developers code up to 55% faster with the use of
GitHub Copilot8. Boston Consulting Group estimates that customer service
operations will become 30–50% more efficient when generative AI is
implemented at scale.9 The table below lists more examples of efficiency gains
in the order of 25–30%.

4



Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Artificial Intelligence

Another approach is to study the productivity enhancement from past
innovation cycles. Studies have shown that the PC increased labor
productivity by 18% from 1986 to 2000 and the internet has similarly
increased labor productivity by 20% from 2000 to present10. If we assume
a 15% productivity boost from AI and 1 billion knowledge workers with an
annual salary of USD 29,000, AI value creation could amount to USD 4.4tr.

Figure 1 - Potential value creation from AI productivity
enhancements, in USD tr
Based on USD 29,000 salary for average knowledge worker and 1bn knowledge workers
globally

Source: International Labor Organization (ILO), UBS estimates, as of May 2024

5



Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Artificial Intelligence

And lastly, a third way to assess the value creation from AI is by looking at
real GDP per worker. In the US, one worker now produces about twice the
amount of real GDP than in 1964. The biggest increase in output per worker
occurred during the internet era. Some of the efficiency gains during this
period coincided with the offshoring of labor, which likely made this period
stand out compared to other innovation cycles.

If the productivity examples above are applicable more broadly, we could see
this metric accelerating further with the adoption of genAI.

Figure 2 - Real US GDP per worker during innovation cycles

Source: Bloomberg, UBS, as of May 2024

Bottom-up AI market size estimates: AI value chain

To complement the top-down approach, it is useful to follow the value
creation along the AI value chain from a bottom-up perspective. There are
three layers in the AI value chain: It starts with the enabling layer, which
powers the intelligence layer, which in turn feeds the application layer. The
enabling layer is the physical layer of data center infrastructure and compute
that is necessary to train and run generative AI models. The intelligence
and application layers are both software layers and refer to the data and
algorithms that are used to build models for applications such as generating
a piece of text on a particular subject area.

An overview of the AI value chain illustrates the economic value creation.
From a bottom-up lens, we see an annual value creation of USD 1.16tr by
2027. We see the largest near-term opportunities in the enabling layer and
still expect the ratio of applications/enabling and intelligence layer to imply
limited bottom-line profitability for the application layer during first stages of
the cyclical and structural ramp of genAI. Figure 3 illustrates the composition
of the value creation by each layer of the AI value chain.

6



Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Artificial Intelligence

Figure 3 - The AI market opportunity: a bottom-up perspective

Source: UBS estimates, May 2024

1. The enabling layer

The enabling layer consists of AI data centers that can offer computing
resources at scale. They can be either on-premise in a company's private
cloud datacenter or made available through public cloud service providers
such as Amazon AWS, Microsoft Azure, or Google GCP. The AI server sits at
the heart of the data center with components such as graphics processing
units (GPUs), memory, interconnects, and storage. Besides an AI server, data
centers need cabling, power supplies, cooling, and other equipment. Figure
4 below illustrates the typical monthly cost structure of a data center.

Figure 4 - Data center cost structure
In %

Source: https://perspectives.mvdirona.com/2010/09/overall-data-center-costs/, UBS

7



Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Artificial Intelligence

We expect USD 331bn in annual capex for the enabling layer by 2027,
comprised of AI server and AI data center infrastructure capex. Most of the
value in the enabling layer is likely captured by AI servers, much like in a
general-purpose data center illustrated above. Because of the scale of AI
compute, most companies will likely consume compute resources in the form
of cloud services. As a result, we expect USD 185bn in value creation to
be generated by 2027. Part of this value creation will be realized through
internal productivity gains inside companies that are AI enablers. The AI chip
companies and cloud hyperscalers both operate in oligopolistic markets with
attractive gross margins. This suggests that companies in these markets will
be able to capture sizeable profits.

The data center numbers may prove conservative if there's a rush to build out
supercomputing facilities among the large cloud providers. Reports suggest
that Microsoft and OpenAI are embarking on a data center project that could
cost as much as USD 100bn, with an AI supercomputer called Stargate11 to
be deployed by 2028. With more powerful models requiring compute scale,
we may see a competitive race of data center build-outs between the largest
cloud vendors.

2. Intelligence layer

The next layer is the intelligence layer. This part includes the generative
AI algorithms and large language models (LLMs), which use the scale of
computing resources from the enabling layer. This layer assumes the strategic
function as the “brain” of generative AI. We are in the early stages of
monetization, and pricing of this brain varies from usage-based models to
monthly subscriptions. LLMs are developed by private companies like OpenAI,
Anthropic, and Mistral, or as part of larger public companies such as Google
and Meta. Therefore, there is no publicly reported data on the financials of
these businesses. According to the FT, OpenAI hit the USD 2bn revenue mark
in December 202312 with 25% gross margins. We expect this layer to show
the strongest growth into 2027 given its small base.

3. Application layer

The application layer likely offers the largest monetization potential over
time, yet this opportunity is difficult to quantify at this early stage. Like the
intelligence layer, the application layer is a software layer ranging from AI-
powered software applications and services that are readily apparent to the
user to embedded AI functionality in other software applications.

One of most tangible use cases is to use LLMs as co-pilots as coding
and personal assistants. These assistants are able to operate with different
modalities, text, audio, and video. In 2023, Microsoft’s coding advisor GitHub
Copilot exceeded USD 100mn of revenue13, was profitable, and grew 40%
year-over-year with 1.3 million users14. With developer productivity gains
of 50–60% (based on Peng et al. (2023): The Impact of AI on Developer

8



Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Artificial Intelligence

Productivity: Evidence from GitHub Copilot), we expect an acceleration in the
creation of software code.

Figure 5 - Total number of GitHub repositories
In millions

Source: GitHub
Note: This is for educational purposes only. For investment ideas and our stock picks, see our companion report
"Investing through the AI platform shift."

Additionally, there have been successful proof points for using LLMs in other
large markets such as digital advertising (USD 667bn market in 202415)
and call centers (USD 315bn16 market in 2022). Further, we see successful
generative AI applications in healthcare R&D, cybersecurity, and fintech.

At this stage, we expect a directly addressable market of USD 395bn in
revenue opportunities for the application layer by 2027, predominantly driven
by AI assistants (USD 75bn), applications of generative AI for advertising (USD
100bn), and customer service (USD 75bn).

Economic value by layer

It’s useful to illustrate the AI value chain by layer of economic value creation,
because each layer has to create enough economic value to justify the costs
of the preceding layer. In other words, the revenue of the enabling layer
becomes the cost for the intelligence layer, and the application layer has to
create enough value to absorb the costs of both the enabling and intelligence
layers. For example, a company like Jasper that uses OpenAI as its intelligence
layer and Microsoft’s Azure cloud services for the enabling layer will have to
generate sufficient revenue to cover the costs for both OpenAI and Azure
services.

The example below shows that USD 100 of operational expenditures on the
enabling layer (such as cloud services) will require USD 400 of revenues on
the application layer if both the intelligence and application layers have 50%
gross margins.

9



Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Artificial Intelligence

Figure 6 - The AI value chain – margin layers (assuming opex)

Source: UBS estimates, May 2024

Gartner estimates that data center systems generated USD 236bn revenue
in 2023, while software generated USD 915bn and IT services USD 1.39tr.
This implies that every dollar of hardware spent generated roughly USD
10 of revenue. While there are certainly many variables, we think this
simple example highlights the point that the enabling layer in the AI stack
should become a fraction of the services it supports. In looking at AI-driven
businesses, we observe that capital intensity (capital spending divided by
revenue) has been in the mid-teens to the low-thirty percent range for both
Alphabet and Meta Platforms.

One of the key ratios to watch is therefore the ratio of monetization potential
of the application layer to the costs of the enabling and intelligence layers.
This is especially true for companies that only operate in single layers of
the value chain and cannot trade off margin in one layer for another. We
need to see continued advances in the performance of LLMs and successful
applications to justify the current capex build-out. A lack of material model
advances, slowing consumer and enterprise uptake, and new algorithms
requiring less compute could lead to a glut in infrastructure components such
as GPUs, ASICS, and memory.

Multi-layer versus single layer: Layer cake vs. monolith

With an attractive margin structure along the value chain, it is likely that an
increasing number of companies will try to expand into different segments
of the value chain. Amazon already designs its own AI chips, Trainium
and Inferentia, while Microsoft has been working on its custom AI chip
Athena. We expect that companies operating in the intelligence layer will
explore value-add applications specific to certain use cases, such as medical
diagnostics or customer service, while also working on an AI super-agent
that can be universally useful. Given the scale effects of cloud compute and
generative AI, it is likely that over time, the application layer will be dominated
by the same players as in the intelligence and enabling layers and that there
will be an oligopoly of fully vertically integrated AI foundries.

10



Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Artificial Intelligence

Figure 7 - The AI market opportunity: a bottom-up perspective

Source: UBS estimates, May 2024

Further, the enablers of AI are those that are most adept at using it and,
hence, will be their own customers, driving productivity gains.

2. Opportunities along the AI value chain: A deep dive

This section provides a deeper look into the different components of the AI
value chain and discusses the AI investment opportunity set for each of the
components (see Figure 8). Companies can operate in multiple segments of
the value chain. Google, for example, designs its own chips, large language
models, and productivity and advertising products and thus covers all three
layers of the value chain. Other companies (such as NVIDIA) currently only
operate in a single segment (GPUs). Lastly, companies can have exposure to
multiple segments of the value chain through investments in other segments,
as in the case of Microsoft, which holds a 49% stake in OpenAI.

11



Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Artificial Intelligence

Figure 8 - The AI value chain – illustrative with select companies

Source: UBS, May 2024
Note: This is for educational purposes only. For investment ideas and our stock picks, see our companion report
"Investing through the AI platform shift."

12



Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Artificial Intelligence

Monetizing and capturing value in the enabling layer
1. AI chips

Chips, GPUs, and custom AI chips such as tensor processing units (TPUs)
are the key components for the enabling layer. Figure 9 below shows that
over 70% of the bill of materials of an AI server is made up of GPU costs.
This makes it the largest beneficiary, followed by memory and interconnects,
which make up 15% and 9% of the total costs, respectively.

As reported by the FT in December 2023, Lisa Su, the CEO of AMD,
estimates that AI chips will make up USD 400bn of the semi industry’s global
revenues by 2027—a significant increase from the USD 150bn prediction she
made less than four months earlier, and a figure equal to the entire global
semiconductor market in 2019.

Figure 9 - Representative AI server bill of materials

Source: Dihuni.com with UBS inputs, May 2024
Note: This is for educational purposes only. For investment ideas and our stock picks, see our companion report
"Investing through the AI platform shift."

There are two types of AI chips: GPUs and custom AI chips such as Google’s
TPU, which are an example of an application-specific integrated circuit chip
(ASIC).

a) GPUs

The AI GPU computing segment provides chips for both AI training and
inference. The segment’s market cap was already close to USD 2.5tr in March
2024, and we believe as the key infrastructure spending beneficiaries, GPU
companies should ride the AI wave over the years ahead. The combined
revenues for the AI GPU computing segment were close to USD 40bn in 2023,
with the largest GPU maker maintaining a dominant 98.5% share. Thanks to
robust training and inference demand (as evident in recent comments that
inference already accounts for almost 40% of one player’s AI GPU demand),

13



Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Artificial Intelligence

we expect the AI GPU industry to post strong revenue growth in both 2024
and 2025. We forecast the industry's revenues will more than double to USD
88bn in 2024 and grow by another 25% in 2025 to reach close to USD
110bn.

b) Custom AI chips

Custom chips mostly refer to the accelerator chips designed by big tech and
other startups as a complement to expensive GPUs, which currently cost
somewhere between USD 15,000 and USD 30,000.

Custom AI chips, through the ASIC (application-specific integrated circuit)
route, can be cost-effective for the leading platform companies in special
cases like inference and training smaller LLMs, even if they may lag the
performance of AI GPUs.

Unlike AI GPUs, where disclosures are clear given the segment only has
two major players, data for AI custom chips in areas like pricing is not
freely available, as the custom chips are meant for internal consumption.
For instance, the total cost of goods sold for NVIDIA's H100 is only USD
3,367, based on our calculations, compared to a retail price of USD 25,000
(effectively translating to an 86.5% gross margin for NVIDIA on that chip).
The cost dynamics for AI custom chips may not be too different compared
to H100 chips, but considering they are mostly used for internal purposes
and not for sale, we don't think the sales data of NVIDIA's AI GPUs can be
compared with the cost data of AI custom chips.

According to Morgan Stanley estimates, custom AI chips (ASICs) currently
represent less than 10% of the total AI computing market. But Morgan
Stanley expects the segment to outgrow GPUs and potentially take up to
30% of the cloud AI semi market in 4–5 years.

Figure 10 - Custom AI chips (ASICs) are expected to outgrow
GPUs and potentially take up to 30% of the cloud AI semi
market in 4–5 years
Cloud semi breakdown: general AI vs. custom AI, in USD million

Source: Company data, Gartner, Morgan Stanley Research estimates (e)

2. Foundries

14



Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Artificial Intelligence

The foundry industry is dominated by a single company that controls more
than half of the market, with a disproportionately high market share in
leading-edge and AI-related GPUs and custom chips. During its January
conference call, that company raised its medium-term AI outlook (consistent
with our recent upward revision) to now expect data-center AI revenues
to contribute more than 20% of its 2027 revenues, up from its previous
guidance of 10–15%.

With a strong contribution from AI custom chips, we think semiconductor
foundry companies have a bright future. While some may see a slightly lower
contribution from AI, it is clear to us that AI will be the key growth driver
for foundries in this decade. For reference, smart devices today contribute
almost 40% of revenues to foundries; in the long term, AI may grow to a
similar share.

3. Semicap equipment

Driven by strong growth in global semiconductors, we expect global
semiconductor capital (or semicap for short) equipment to report steady
growth, with industry revenues likely to cross USD 100bn for the first time in
2025. While the industry is still absorbing excess investments made during the
pandemic, particularly for legacy or less-advanced nodes, we still see decent
7% y/y growth in 2024 and 11.5% y/y in 2025, with AI-driven spending
trends remaining the key catalysts.

Memory should be a key growth driver in the near term thanks to increased
spending on, among others, the high bandwidth memory (HBM) segment,
which is primarily used for AI processing in data centers.

While foundry capex spending should be muted in 2024 with a likely year-on-
year decline due to increased discipline, we expect a decent recovery in 2025
with a mid-to-high single-digit year-on-year increase. In particular, custom
chips and edge-computing should drive strong spending, with a potential
hardware refresh cycle acting as an additional catalyst. At this stage, we do
not project any major capex contribution from OpenAI’s CEO Sam Altman’s
proposed USD 7 trillion investment into semiconductor manufacturing or
other such initiatives, but any progress would be an additional positive for
the industry.

In summary, the semicap equipment industry could be one of the few
standout segments within semiconductors in 2025. With revenue growth
set to accelerate, and together with strong margin support and the sector’s
oligopolistic characteristics, we continue to see share price catalysts for the
industry.

15



Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Artificial Intelligence

Figure 11 - Overview of select semicap players and process
exposure

Source: Company reports, UBS estimates, as of March 2024
Note: This is for educational purposes only. For investment ideas and our stock picks, see our companion report
"Investing through the AI platform shift."

4. Memory

While we believe the GPU supply chain still has among the most visibility in
the AI computing segment in terms of near-term growth thanks to strong
training and inferencing demand, we see memory as a key beneficiary
as AI infrastructure demand broadens. This is based on our view that AI
will potentially drive mid-teen demand growth for dynamic random access
memory (DRAM) in 2024 (vs. a low-mid single-digit contribution in 2023). As
a result, we see strong near-term momentum for DRAM pricing fueled by a
rising contribution from the high-bandwidth memory (HBM) segment used
in AI computing.

High-bandwidth memory is dedicated DRAM used in high-performance
computing applications, like how AI uses vertically stacked chips. We expect
HBM penetration to keep rising in generative AI applications. For instance,
NVIDIA's popular H100 GPU used in generative AI can support 80 gigabytes
(GB) of HBM, whereas AMD’s upcoming MI300X can support 192GB of HBM.
The rising HBM penetration is positive for the memory industry, considering
the significant premium HBM enjoys versus traditional DRAM chips (HBM
price is 5–6x standard DDR4 memory pricing).

Hence, despite the muted recovery in other tech hardware segments, AI
should provide a strong catalyst for the global memory industry, which should
benefit from a cyclical recovery due to a favorable demand-supply balance.
Our checks suggest utilization rates for DRAM supplies are set to touch 100%
very soon—a V-shaped recovery from last year's lows—and a current run rate
of about 87% thanks to strong procurement from leading AI customers. In
terms of pricing, we see upside risks to DRAM prices with a potential rebound
of close to 80% in this cycle from last year's lows. Against this backdrop and

16



Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Artificial Intelligence

with increasing HBM qualifications, we think leading memory vendors with
strong HBM capabilities will likely benefit.

5. Chip design companies

Semiconductor stocks are generally volatile given the cyclical nature of
the industry, versus the steadier growth witnessed in the software and
internet industries. However, there is one segment within semiconductors
that exhibits the software kind of steady growth and high recurring revenues:
the electronic design automation (EDA) and intellectual property (IP) segment.
Representing around 3% of the broader semiconductor sector's revenues, we
see the chip design software industry growing by low-mid teens on average
over the medium term and with high operating margins of 30–35%, on par
with software. The EDA and IP industry is dominated by two companies,
which provide computational software, custom hardware, and IP building
blocks to chip designers and manufacturers on a subscription model. With
rising chip design complexity and an increasing trend of custom chips by
leading internet and AI platform companies, the industry is in an enviable
position, in our view. While the industry is not immune from geopolitics,
we think the subscription business model of the EDA and IP companies
and structurally above-average growth and margins put them in a sweet
spot, particularly for investors looking for defensive opportunities within
semiconductors.

On top of strong AI infrastructure demand likely translating into solid
spending on chip design software, we believe the industry is also at the
forefront in terms of AI adoption. For example, mask synthesis software
products have been used for computational lithography, which we think
is one of the most compute-intensive workloads in the semiconductor
manufacturing process, consuming tens of billions of hours per year for
CPUs. In 1Q24, the leading GPU provider and software design companies
announced a partnership to accelerate computation lithography. The new
process uses only 350 H100 systems, which can replace 40,000 CPU systems
and can accelerate production time and reduce costs, space, and power.

6. Original design manufacturers (ODMs)

ODMs play a critical role given the higher assembly and customization needs
for new generation AI servers, providing strong tailwinds in the form of
premium pricing. The revenue of an AI server rack can be 2–3x more than a
regular server rack. It is estimated that the top four server ODMs will account
for over three quarters of the total assembly market over the next few years,
which doesn't come as a surprise given that they are the same players within
the traditional compute space. This largely rewards leading Taiwanese ODMs,
in our view, particularly those with deep-rooted partnerships across major
cloud service providers (CSPs) globally. Recent guidance on the strength of
CSPs' cloud capex should translate to more sustainable demand growth as
we progress into the AI era.

The major ODMs are also responsible for most of GPU baseboard supplies
globally. The GPU baseboard, a type of printed circuit board (PCB), is an
essential component designed to house and provide interconnectivity among
the multiple GPU modules. These baseboards have become increasingly
complex given the rise in computation needs, as showcased by the rapid

17



Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Artificial Intelligence

growth of GPUs and LLMs in recent quarters. The new generation AI
GPU baseboard form factor contributes to higher AI training and inference
throughput, and we expect existing players to remain dominant due to the
decade-long collaboration with both CSPs and GPU designers.

7. Power supply

Rising computation needs result in increasing demand for more efficient,
stable, and higher density power sources. Given the recent growth in
new power-hungry technologies, electricity supply and related solutions are
gradually becoming the bottleneck for AI infrastructure growth. There are
only a handful of leading AI server power suppliers in Asia, and we believe
high barriers to entry provide a solid growth backdrop for these players.

In parallel, optimal heat dissipation is necessary to sustain the high power
consumption and to maintain AI server performance while preventing
hardware failure. Average selling prices for thermal solutions for AI have
doubled, particularly for air cooling, relative to traditional servers, given
the required upgrades in components needed to handle the heat load. Air
cooling should remain the dominant solution, as a shift to liquid cooling
would require a substantial shift in the current data center infrastructure
design. However, as rack densities transition beyond 70 kilowatts (kW), liquid
cooling (which is a direct-to-chip cooling) becomes the only viable solution to
sustain the heat generated from AI workload. In 1Q24, a leading GPU maker
designed the AI server infrastructure specifically catered for liquid cooling
solutions. We likewise expect the industry to gradually transition toward
liquid cooling.

8. The AI edge opportunity

Early this year, Samsung unveiled its Galaxy S24 products integrating AI
into its smartphones, which should herald a new wave of consumer devices
integrating AI, including smartphones, PCs, and other household appliances
and Internet of Things (IoT) devices. The ability to process data locally without
being exposed to external data security risks could push many consumer
electronics companies into exploring opportunities like edge computing,
which can provide low latency and personalized generative AI services. For
instance, some basic image generation and translation services may not need
a model with trillions of parameters and may require training only a few billion
parameters.

With AI democratizing, we should see the proliferation of such AI edge-
computing devices. The potential addressable market from such a trend
is significant, as it includes opportunities in peripherals and memory, as
edge devices need more memory and storage. Hence, we believe AI edge
computing offers promising growth opportunities. Accordingly, we expect
industry revenues to grow from USD 4bn in 2024 to USD 18bn in 2027.
Our estimates may prove to be conservative if we see rapid adoption of AI
consumer devices and higher AI edge-computing chip pricing. But even at
our current expectations, the segment should offer a nice tailwind for the
broader semiconductor foundry industry.

18



Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Artificial Intelligence

Figure 12 - AI-edge computing should emerge as one of the
fastest-growing segments within semiconductors
Revenues in USD million

Source: Company reports, UBS estimates, May 2024

Monetizing and capturing value in the intelligence layer
1. Large language models

The ability of a company to capture the value it creates is always dependent
upon the quality and sustainability of its competitive advantage. Academic
research is the canonical example. For instance, the University of Chicago
Booth created substantial value for savers with the introduction of the
efficient market hypothesis but captured very limited upside for itself. We can
clearly envision the value created by LLMs; we can point to specific examples
already such as the Klarna customer support case. However, the amount
captured will depend on the long-term competitive advantages of respective
foundational models. On this point, it’s much harder to speak with clarity.

There are two main categories of pricing models: usage based and
subscription plans where users pay a fixed monthly or annual fee to access the
model with certain usage limits. Subscriptions can offer cost predictability and
may come with tiered pricing based on usage levels. For example, Anthropic
differentiates between three models: Opus offers top level performance,
intelligence, fluency, and understanding; Sonnet offers maximum utility at a
lower price and balanced for scaled deployments; and Haiku offers quick and
targeted performance.

Monetization will depend on a lot of parameters, such as whether the queries
are submitted via APIs (application programming interfaces; low margin) or
interactively through a prompt with a subscription model (likely high margin),
the size of the model (see pricing differences for Anthropic Opus vs. Haiku –
100x), and the nature of the LLM market (competitive vs. oligopolistic). In a
steady state with a few dominant commercial models in each region of the
world, LLMs could earn 40–50% operating margins, much like large software
companies.

19



Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Artificial Intelligence

Figure 13 - LLM pricing examples

Source: Company websites, UBS, May 2024. MTok- Millions of tokens
Note: This is for educational purposes only. For investment ideas and our stock picks, see our companion report
"Investing through the AI platform shift."

Why they could capture value

First, it makes little sense for enterprises to build their own LLMs, as the
technical know-how and cost to train are both strong barriers. Moreover, the
useful life of any pre-trained model is quite short given the constant release of
improved closed- and open-sourced models. Therefore, we expect enterprises
to leverage and build on top of existing LLMs. Furthermore, given the number
of leading foundational models (e.g., OpenAI’s ChatGPT, Google’s Gemini,
Anthropic’s Claude, Meta’s Llama, XAI’s Grok, Mistral’s models and Open
Source), it makes little sense for incremental startups to build models. Instead,
we expect most of the incremental competition to be in the enabling or
applications layer.

Training a GPT today depends on three core components: the amount of
compute resources available, the scale and quality of the dataset, and the
underlying model architecture algorithms. Since 2017, underlying model
architectures have remained eerily consistent. As a result, GPT model
improvements have come from scaling compute or data. This is why we call
transformer models capitalist AI and why AI is not cheap.

The scale required to be successful is both large and growing fast. We
note OpenAI’s estimates that the amount of compute used in the largest AI
trainings doubled approximately every 3.4 months, leading to a 300,000x
increase between 2012 and 2018. This is an extremely high sunk cost
and does provide some defensibility to LLMs, but we note that Meta’s
commitment to open-source and more efficient model architectures—such
as the ones pioneered by Mistral—can lessen the scale barrier for end users.

LLMs also benefit from scaled use where live usage improves performance.
Moreover, OpenAI’s leading model, now GPT-4, has consistently ranked

20



Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Artificial Intelligence

ahead of peers in terms of performance for the last 18 months despite the
mass acceleration of spend and focus by competitors. Thus, being the first
mover does entail certain advantages. But the ability to create switching costs
depends on how big the differences in model quality are from the proliferated
use and head start.

Differences in model features, such as the maximum context window length,
could create some defensibility. But we think it’s too early to take a view on
what the important key features are and if any of these will be unique to
specific players. We do believe differences in model reasoning or embedded
memory can drive more differentiation. However, for now, it seems that
model choice is a function of application needed, cost optimization, and
which hyperscaler most of the user’s data sits in.

Data plays an important role, as it serves as competitive differentiation.
For instance, it is unlikely that “off-the-shelf” foundational models with
no fine-tuning will provide defensible structural competitive advantages, as
these low-hanging fruits will be available to most participants. Therefore, to
capture the value of AI, businesses will have to invest in their data usability
and security. These investments involve curation to produce high-quality,
labeled, and large training examples of specific applications and securitizing
data through tools such as vector databases. The more differentiated and
proprietary the data the more value will accrue to the owners of these data
assets.

In the longer term, the advent of artificial general intelligence—which we
define as AI that is smarter than the collective of human intelligence—could
prove defensive for the model layer. If we have “one model to rule them all,”
as Sam Altman believes will be the case, we should expect significant value
to accrue to this layer of the stack.

Why they may not capture value

The argument as to why LLMs could commoditize is underpinned by very
simple reasoning: We expect strong unit economics for LLMs given the level
of competition from both closed and open-source proprietary models. For
instance, Meta CEO Mark Zuckerberg recently stated that the company’s
“long-term vision is to build general intelligence, open source it responsibly,
and make it widely available so everyone can benefit.” At the start of
the year, Mark Zuckerberg also disclosed that Meta plans to acquire over
350,000 H100s in 2024 and expects to have 600,000 H100 equivalent
compute available generally. That’s enough internal compute to compete
with the leading proprietary models. Meta’s most recent model, Llama
3, is comparable to the leading proprietary foundational models in terms

21



Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Artificial Intelligence

of performance and is available freely. While Llama 3 probably lags the
leading models in terms of context window size and multi-modality, we don’t
consider the gap insurmountable.

Furthermore, Stanford University estimates that in 2023 alone, 149 new
foundational models were released—more than the previous five years
combined. Of these newly released models, 65.7% were open source—
versus only 44.4% in 2022 and 33.3% in 2021. We therefore expect
substantial competition for LLMs at varying model sizes. Enterprises looking
to implement genAI may leverage many models throughout their IT stack,
rather than one centralized model that rules them all. We suspect that
customer lock in and platform entrenchment may arise from the application
layer instead of the intelligence layer.

The vast majority of LLMs are still privately held or a subsidiary in a larger
public enterprise (e.g., Google’s DeepMind). So we should take the above
information with a pinch of salt, as revenue estimates and developments
are fast changing. Nonetheless, valuations remain lofty and given the lack of
clarity on LLM monetization over time, we find it difficult to conclude that
investing in an LLM today is an attractive proposition for anyone other than
the cloud computing providers.

Why is it different for the hyperscalers, and what are they doing?

Hyperscalers are synergistic buyers of LLM companies because partial or full
acquisitions of leading models typically come with exclusivity agreements
with the respective public cloud instances. For example, since investing an
aggregate USD 13bn in OpenAI for a 49% stake, Microsoft Azure has become
the exclusive provider of cloud computing for OpenAI’s research, products,
and developer interfaces. Microsoft has made further investments into LLMs
with its partial investment in Mistral and full acquisition of Inflection AI.

Google, meanwhile, continues to be mostly focused on internal model
development, given its early investments in AI. Google's acquisition of
DeepMind in 2014 for USD 400mn ranks alongside its acquisitions of
YouTube and Android as the firm’s most prescient, in our view.

Finally, Amazon has taken a mostly neutral distributor stance with Amazon
Bedrock. Amazon Bedrock is a full management service that allows
companies to build generative AI applications by providing access to a variety
of foundational models. Until recently, Amazon had not invested directly in a
model provider. However, that changed with its September 2023 initial and
March 2024 follow-up investment into Anthropic, bringing its total to USD
4bn.

A recent trend in genAI has been the advancement of sovereign AI.
Governments, alongside corporations, have woken up to the importance
and impact of genAI. Most governments will likely want to develop their
own foundational LLM to ensure that it matches the region’s values, ethics,
data privacy laws, and security requirements; an example is the UAE’s Falcon
Model.

22



Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Artificial Intelligence

Monetizing and capturing value in the application layer

1. Copilots

Copilots are at the center of AI applications due to the strong role they can
play in boosting office productivity. For instance, at its 4Q23 earnings call,
Microsoft reported developers’ productivity can rise by around 50% when
using its copilot. The term "copilots" refers to AI companion tools that are
integrated within office workflow/productivity software to boost employee
productivity. For other software companies, AI is also providing a catalyst to
raise product pricing—for example, Adobe raised prices on its Firefly service
around 10% and ServiceNow increased prices by over 50% for its Vancouver
Platform. As a group, we expect copilots and software assistants to reach USD
75bn in revenues in 2027, which at only 7–8% of global software industry
revenues is very conservative, in our view. This is because we believe faster-
than-expected productivity gains should drive significant upside.

To understand the AI upside case, it is imperative to first appreciate the
size of the addressable market. According to World Bank data, the global
working population is close to 3.5 billion currently. And as mentioned, there
are around 1 billion knowledge workers. So we assume that 2.5 billion
workers are frontline employees (who may not need access to premium office
features). As for the remaining 1 billion knowledge workers, we assume
50% work in large organizations and the rest in small and medium-sized
enterprises (SMEs).

While not all of the working population use office commercial products,
we can calculate the potential addressable market for this segment using
the above assumptions. For the frontline employees, we assume a low-tier
level pricing of around USD 48/year (assumptions are based on Microsoft's
pricing). This results in a USD 120bn potential market. For the 500 million SME
employees, we assume a mid-tier level pricing of around USD 120/year, which
results in a USD 60bn potential market. For the 500 million employees in
large enterprises, we assume a high-tier level pricing of around USD 456/year,
which results in a USD 228bn potential market. In summary, assuming every
employee subscribes to office commercial products, and using the above
assumptions, the potential addressable market should be around USD 408bn
a year.

This implies a very low penetration rate of 11%; even if a USD 65bn estimate
is used over the next three years, the implied penetration rates would stand at
only 16%. In a scenario where strong AI features lead to swift uptake of office
productivity software in emerging markets, we could see significant upside
to these penetration levels. Instead, if the segment manages to grow at 20%
each year (our upside case for copilot growth), its revenues could reach USD
80bn, implying around 5% upside to street revenue forecasts—which expect
growth rates to decelerate to 10% y/y in FY2027—and mid-high single-digit
upside to operating profits—considering office products are higher-margin
products. With a typical copilot product priced at USD 20–30 per month,
these estimates could prove to be even more conservative if there is faster-
than-expected adoption. For instance, we estimate a mere 20% adoption of
AI copilots by current office users would present an upside of around 10%
to overall revenue forecasts.

23



Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Artificial Intelligence

In summary, we believe the street's estimates on the office commercial
segment are very conservative. Over the next three years, we think that AI will
drive an acceleration in office commercial revenues and not a deceleration
to 10% growth.

Workflow management software is another segment we favor, and we
believe the leader in this space is well positioned. Generative AI is able to
speed up issue resolution by analyzing alerts and providing critical context for
operators or increase case deflection from live agents with a conversational
and self-service experience. A leading company claims that there are more
than 20 use cases internally, which are generating millions of dollars in cost
savings per year and are helping service agents close incidents in half the time.

2. Advertising

Unlike the semiconductor and software segments, which have clear near-
term visibility from generative AI, the internet advertising segment doesn’t
have the same first-mover advantage. However, in the medium to long term,
AI should help grow revenues: With a conservative estimated penetrate rate
of 13–15% of global advertising industry revenues, we expect the internet AI
segment to report USD 100bn in revenues in 2027. While the AI monetization
trends for the internet industry will likely evolve, we see four broad ways that
internet companies can monetize AI.

The first way is via content creation, as we believe generative AI can help
create new content across texts, images, videos, and other multimedia
formats that can maximize revenues for internet companies. Early trends
already indicate how AI-generated articles are being used by media
companies and how AI-created images and videos are being used to display
advertisements. Second, chatbots, which can provide nice subscription
revenue streams, can be used to improve customer service and as a personal
buddy/assistant (Character AI is one such popular paid chatbot today in
the market). The third way is via personalized content, which can be used
by streaming services as well as advertising companies to increase user
engagement. And finally, predictive and other analytics can be used by digital
media and e-commerce companies to roll out new products and services.

In summary, the integration of generative AI has just begun, and with
promising new generative AI applications expected in 2H24, visibility on the
internet industry’s ability to monetize should gradually improve. This in turn
should also lead to a gradual rerating of the industry.

The impact of AI on our longer-term
thematic offering

Authors: Alexander Stiehler, Michelle Laliberte (US strategist)

Artificial intelligence will impact CIO’s Longer-term Investment (LTI) themes
in a variety of ways, creating risks and opportunities alike. To simplify, we’ve
grouped our 29 LTIs into six major categories with similar investment drivers
and based on where the opportunities overlap. We provide more context on
AI’s impact for each of the six categories herein.

24



Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Artificial Intelligence

Disruptive technology

Our tech-related LTI themes are at the heart of the AI revolution. They cover
the full value chain, from AI chips in our Enabling technologies theme and AI
software in our Digital data theme to edge AI devices in our Metaverse theme
and AI applications that could accelerate the smart manufacturing transition
in our Automation and robotics theme.

The investment opportunity is substantial, in our view. For the Enabling
technologies theme alone, our analysts expect the market in the five enabling
technologies—artificial intelligence, augmented reality/virtual reality, big
data, 5G, and other moonshot technologies—to grow in aggregate by 26%
on average annually between 2022 and 2027, reaching USD 1tr in 2027. An
important input factor for AI is data, which we consider in our Digital data
theme. Thanks to rapid urbanization in emerging markets, we expect the
global internet user base to increase by 2 billion between 2020 and 2030,
and internet penetration to approach 80% worldwide (see Fig. 14).

This trend, the proliferation of connected devices, and solid enterprise data
trends should lead to an exponential increase in consumer data. Generative AI
has further contributed to exponential data growth with the massive creation
of synthetic data, which should become the bulk of the future data universe.
OpenAI's text-to-video AI model—Sora—utilizes large amounts of synthetic
data for the creation of videos. This is just one example of how synthetic data
may reshape many aspects of our life in the future.

Figure 14 - Global internet penetration expected to approach
80% by 2027 with almost 7bn users
Strong growth in internet users to fuel further growth in smartphone and technology
penetration globally

Source: World Bank, UBS estimates, as of 2024

Energy transition

The energy transition is one of the most important and urgent topics facing
humanity. The negative consequences of climate change are visible across the
globe. Artificial intelligence is likely to play a role both in terms of solutions
and by adding to the challenge of meeting energy demand. We expect AI

25



Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Artificial Intelligence

to play an important role in mitigating climate change across our thematic
offering, but it's also likely to push electricity demand estimates higher on
the back of the data center build out.

Longer-term themes such as Clean air and carbon reduction and Energy
efficiency are at the forefront of this transformation. The application of
AI tools in smart electricity grids to better forecast energy demand is one
example of a potential positive use case. Another is the ability to improve
efficiency via building automation. Today, heating and cooling are a relatively
static process. AI could make it more intelligent by adjusting for weather
forecasts or room occupancy; the latter has become even more important
since the COVID-19 pandemic, as more people are working from home.
Smarter building automation could also lead to reduced operating costs and
better utilization of buildings, providing firms incentives to invest in these
solutions. Moreover, the likely swift expansion in AI datacenters, which in
some cases consume three to eight times more electricity than traditional
datacenters, make energy efficiency considerations even more important.

The electric vehicle (EV) revolution is another area that is supporting
the transition from fossil fuels to more environmentally friendly solutions.
We discuss this topic in our Smart mobility theme. In our view, AI will
accelerate developments in autonomous driving and improve the power
energy management in EVs. AI models can accurately calculate and predict
the vehicle range and provide updates about the health of the battery to
expand the lifespan, to name just a few examples.

In sum, we believe that the energy transition offers investment opportunities
for many decades, providing investors attractive structural growth
opportunities. However, the rapid deployment of AI is likely to push electricity
demand higher, exacerbating the challenge of transitioning away from fossil
fuels while still ensuring access to reliable and affordable energy supply.

Natural resources

Water scarcity, polluted oceans, and food manufacturers’ need to ensure
food security while mitigating climate change are just a few examples
of natural resource challenges that should ultimately benefit solutions
providers. For all these topics, AI should play an important role in dealing
with these challenges. In the food sector, AI could be used to develop
autonomous tractors with state-of-the-art sensors and vision technology to
better distribute fertilizer or to spray herbicides in a targeted way. This is an
area we discuss in our Agricultural yield theme.

The water sector is suffering from water leakage and inefficient water
infrastructures. Here, AI and the application of sensors could help make water
infrastructure smarter, detecting leakages in seconds. It could also help in the
analysis of water quality or tracking of water use. Irrigation strategies can be
improved by AI applications too, as another example.

At present, much of the world is still living in a linear economy, where goods
are bought, consumed, and discarded (see Fig. 15 for the difference between
a linear and circular economy). To achieve a Circular economy, AI can help
accelerate the design and prototyping of new products and materials that can
be reused in a circular economy. AI is already being used to better forecast

26



Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Artificial Intelligence

demand and maintenance, using historical and real-time data to avoid waste
and improve product utilization.

As another thematic opportunity within natural resources, AI can offer new
applications in The blue economy. AI-driven robots, for instance, could help
analyze marine life and help manage fish farms. Today, robots already feed
up to 200,000 salmon per pen in Norway. With AI projections, the output
can be optimized. These are a few examples of how themes in our natural
resources basket may benefit from the implementation of AI.

Figure 15 - Illustrative comparison of a linear vs. circular economy

Source: UBS

Health and longevity

Artificial intelligence is likely to be used extensively within the healthcare
industry, which is currently one of the least digitized industries yet produces a
vast amount of data—a combination that makes the sector ripe for AI-driven
efficiency improvements. If AI can improve and speed up drug discovery or
improve the likelihood of FDA approval success, this could help support long-
term themes such as Genetic therapies, where much of the industry is still
dependent on early-stage trials that involve a high risk of failure. Oncology
is similar but to a lesser extent, given some of the largest pharmaceutical
companies in the world already have products in the market.

In addition, Healthtech solutions typically rely on leveraging data and
technology, so AI will likely be used to improve the management of those
systems and processes. We’re also seeing AI tools used in diagnosis and image
processing. So far, this has been done alongside a human, which we expect
to continue. Evidence has been encouraging for early detection of diseases
such as breast cancer and melanoma. Outside of imaging diagnostics, AI’s
power lies in its ability to save time and analyze vast amounts of data quickly.
This could be used to analyze medical history or provide real-time data to

27



Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Artificial Intelligence

detect or predict future health risks, optimizing preventative care treatment
and potentially reducing larger costs down the road.

Medical devices is another healthcare theme where AI and machine learning
are already being used, with the FDA seeing an increasing number of
applications for AI/ML-enabled devices over the last couple of years. As we
note in the industry overview, the revenue benefit for medtech companies
integrating AI into their product offering remains unclear so far.

Human capital and consumption

When considering artificial intelligence within the context of human capital
and consumption, we see the Education services and E-commerce themes
as most immediately relevant. AI will likely shift demand for certain skillsets
and further emphasize the need for lifelong learning and worker upskilling
and retraining. For ed-tech providers, AI presents a paradox. It can be a
tool for those that properly utilize it and integrate it into product offerings,
or it can be a significant threat for those that fall behind, eventually
becoming “table stakes” for education companies. AI has several use cases
in the education space. For example, it can enable personalized learning for
students by tailoring educational experiences according to an individual’s
learning objectives and needs. AI-driven data analysis can also provide real-
time feedback. We discuss the risks and opportunities further in our latest
report on Education services.

In E-commerce, data-driven targeted advertisements have proliferated in
recent years and will likely be enhanced even further by artificial intelligence
and machine learning. In addition, more websites could start using AI-
powered chatbots for customer service applications. There are also some
takeaways for the Consumer experience theme, as AI will likely be leveraged
to enhance the consumer experience in a variety of ways such as premium
bespoke product offerings or providing more supply chain transparency—all
discussed more within the consumer sector takeaways.

Security and critical infrastructure

AI should fundamentally change security systems and further emphasize
the need for cybersecurity, a key pillar of the opportunity in our Safety
& security longer-term theme. Cyber vulnerabilities in critical infrastructure
systems are a key focus for the US and other governments, whose agencies
are integrating artificial intelligence into cyber defense systems. AI can be
used to identify vulnerabilities, detect anomalies, and aid in early detection of
potential threats. Cybersecurity investment is critical for companies as well,
with the cost of cyber breaches significant and rising. In the latest IBM Security
and Ponemon Institute cyber breach report, firms that systematically use AI as
a tool for cybersecurity reported that they had on average a 108-day shorter
time to identify and contain the breach and USD 1.76mn lower data breach
costs compared to those that don’t use it (39% lower cost on average).

The Space economy also looks ripe for integrating artificial intelligence,
thanks to the vast amount of data collected via satellite. AI can quickly
analyze data for a variety of applications, including earth observation and
natural disaster responses from flood prediction to landslide detection. AI
is becoming increasingly vital in forest fire prevention and management.

28



Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Artificial Intelligence

Drones equipped with AI technology monitor forests for ignition threats,
detect wildfires early, and gather valuable insights on fire intensity. Thermal
drones can even locate trapped individuals and provide real-time data to help
search and rescue strategize and prioritize response.

Most major space agencies, including NASA, have set up groups focused
on artificial intelligence and the exploration of its use in space-based
applications. For one example, in a coordinated effort between NASA and
Google, AI algorithms were used to identify two new exoplanets previously
missed by humans. We note that artificial intelligence can be used by
malicious actors too and is highly likely to be used in more controversial end-
use applications related to defense and space-based defense applications.
We think this creates an incentive for governments to invest not only in their
AI and technological capabilities, but the related space-based infrastructure
too. The defense industry’s use of AI is discussed in more detail within the
sector takeaways chapter.

Positioning for AI in sustainable investments

Authors: Catherina Campedelli, Amanda Gu, Antonia Sariyska, Merilin
Tedeschini

Enabler of environmental and social solutions

Thanks to its ability to treat large amounts of structured and
unstructured data (text, audio, images, videos) and to make predictions
or recommendations, AI models present significant opportunities for
the development of products and services that tackle key sustainability
challenges. Given increasing consumer demand for more sustainable
solutions, coupled with the need for climate change mitigation and
adaptation, food security, and access to quality healthcare and education
services, we think allocation to sustainable thematic investments within
equities and private markets could future-proof and benefit portfolios.

Many of these opportunities build on our previous discussion around
implications for longer-term investment themes.

For example, the adoption of AI can play a critical role in reducing greenhouse
gas emissions by increasing the efficiency of energy management systems
and transforming the way power is generated, distributed, and consumed.
AI-driven solutions are already used in renewable energy forecasting for
balancing supply and demand and in smart homes, where energy is
dynamically managed. They also find extensive applications in emissions
measurement and transparency, often decreasing the cost of measurement
while improving its accuracy. Furthermore, AI technologies are increasingly
being integrated into forecasting for (extreme) weather events, such as
flooding and wildfires, which can help improve climate adaptation and reduce
physical climate risk to businesses, households, and insurers.

AI is also revolutionizing waste and water management and pollution control.
Paired with robotics, specialized companies integrating AI into their service
delivery can benefit, among others, from higher precision in sorting and

29



Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Artificial Intelligence

recycling, thanks to the ability of AI to analyze a vast amount of data and to
detect a broad range of waste types. Application of AI in agriculture, jointly
with the use of drones and satellite imagery, can help farmers explore soil
health for an intelligent and selective use of fertilizers and pesticides and help
prevent water waste through autonomous irrigation.

Within healthcare, AI can be used for more effective cancer detection,
in mental health assessment, or to support people with disabilities via
human augmentation. In education, AI can create adaptive, personalized,
and inclusive learning models. Similar applications can be found in financial
inclusion, where financial risk assessments can be more precise and tailored
to underserved borrowers or entrepreneurs.

Within professional services, AI enables recruiting practices that help reduce
bias by screening candidates fairly and objectively. In turn, this could increase
innovation and productivity and promote diversity and inclusion in the
workplace.

While we see a broad range of opportunities in the adoption of AI to
develop sustainable products and services, unlocking its potential calls for
addressing many challenges. For example, the use of AI to achieve energy
efficiency requires a careful design of the AI algorithms with a particular focus
on minimizing usage of computational resources and power. Also, for an
effective use in recruiting practices, appropriate techniques and processes
need to be put in place to tackle biases, which are often inherent to the input
data.

Many of these AI applications find themselves in the early stages of
development and often require patient financing through venture capital
or private equity investments. Impact investing—a subset of sustainable
investing, where the capital is used to drive additional and measurable
environmental and social outcomes—has emerged as a preferred way for
private market investors to embrace new sustainable enabling technologies
and business models.

Enabler of sustainable supply chains

Corporate sustainable development and transparency stand as pivotal forces
reshaping organizational strategies. As companies navigate the complexities
of global markets, the pursuit of sustainable practices and transparent
operations emerges as a strategic necessity, which can be further facilitated
through the adoption of AI.

We think investors should consider environmental and social risks stemming
from companies’ operations and supply chains, even if their portfolios are
not explicitly focused on sustainability. An assessment of AI adoption and
implications is likely to factor into such considerations.

Supply chains exert a substantial environmental influence, encompassing the
extraction of raw materials, transportation, and concluding with the disposal
of end products. Moreover, issues such as child and forced labor as well as
all kinds of human rights violations are gaining prominence in a business
landscape increasingly focused on ethical practices. Consequently, regulatory
bodies are acting, exemplified by the recent adoption of the EU Corporate

30



Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Artificial Intelligence

Sustainability Due Diligence Directive (CSDDD), which will require companies
to conduct due diligence on sustainability matters, value chains included, as
of 2027. More broadly, regulation has continued to drive the need for supply
chain transparency and systematic assessments.

Traditional planning methods have proven inadequate for the complexities
of the current world. AI contributes by improving planning, optimizing
processes, and bridging gaps in supply chain management. It can predict and
ensure efficient production flows, logistics optimization, and route planning
—ultimately reducing the environmental impact. For instance, AI-based
predictive analytics identifies optimal navigation routes considering weather,
traffic, and fuel consumption, while also improving demand forecasting
and inventory management, minimizing waste. Additionally, AI enables
automation and predictive maintenance, reducing downtime and energy
consumption.

In the evolving supply chain landscape, visibility and transparency beyond
tier-one suppliers are increasingly vital. Buyers establish direct contractual
relationships with their tier-one suppliers, excluding the numerous
subcontracted service providers and lower-tier suppliers. This results in
traceability and transparency challenges, constraining buyers’ ability to
enforce desired corporate codes within a loosely connected network.
According to the 2023 Deloitte survey on Commercializing sustainable
supply chains, only 2% of the procurement leaders state that they have
“high visibility” beyond tier-one suppliers, 26% of procurement leaders face
limitations in visibility beyond their tier-one supplier, and merely 6% claim
full transparency across their entire supply chain. Without a clear vision
on the value chain, organizations reduce their ability to effectively mitigate
potential risks like forced labor, child labor, neglect of health and safety
standards, and disparities in fair and equal treatment. The November 2023
allegations against Mars about employing child labor in its value chain shows
the importance of having clear visibility beyond tier-one suppliers and raised
greater concern about the importance of knowing its value chain.

Figure 16 - Beyond tier-1 suppliers

Source: UBS CIO, 2024

Historically, gaining visibility into sub-tier suppliers presented significant
difficulties, requiring considerable time and labor resources. However,
contemporary advancements in AI tools can help organizations gain greater
visibility into their supply chains, offering real-time insights into suppliers’
performance. AI can efficiently manage a comprehensive database of first-tier
suppliers, enabling the creation of a tangible map of the supply chain. AI tools
can integrate data from various sources, including suppliers at different tiers,
and centralize this information into a unified database. This consolidation
allows for a comprehensive view of the entire supplier network. Companies

31



Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Artificial Intelligence

equipped with a comprehensive understanding of their value chain are
positioned to minimize the risk of environmental, social, and governance non-
compliance and monitor social engagements with their suppliers.

AI can also help measure CO2 emissions. Carbon accounting has always
been a challenge, often showing many inaccuracies. The lack of data or
unstructured datasets can be attributed to imprecise reporting and to the cost
of measurement. However, carbon accounting has witnessed advancements
through machine learning applications. Existing models provide estimated
carbon data, but with the implementation of refined methodologies and
smarter technologies, the potential for more accurate assessments is
substantial. AI has the potential to analyze enormous data sets with precise
results as output. By leveraging AI applications, organizations can enhance
the precision of their carbon accounting processes, allowing for more
nuanced understanding of environmental impact.

Enabler of impact measurement, tracing and attribution

The integration of AI offers more effective and sophisticated solutions for
the measurement of environmental and social outcomes. This measurement,
coupled with tracing and attribution methodologies, can help improve
investment decision-making and corporate capital allocation decisions,
potentially leading to better and more effective distribution of sustainable
investing and financing.

In impact measurement, AI facilitates the analysis of multidimensional data
sources, ranging from structured financial reports to unstructured social
media feeds. Through natural language processing algorithms, AI systems can
extract and contextualize qualitative information, enabling a more nuanced
understanding of the social and environmental outcomes associated with
investments. Additionally, machine learning models can trace patterns and
correlations within the data, enabling investors and corporate decision-
makers to see hidden relationships and gain deeper insights into the impact
of their investments in real-time.

AI-powered tools can enhance impact measurement by providing more
granular and context-specific metrics. While traditional metrics may fail to
capture the full extent of impact—especially in complex social systems—
AI algorithms, together with technologies like blockchain and Internet of
Things, can analyze qualitative data such as text and images to extract
valuable insights. Smart contracts deployed on blockchain networks ensure
transparent record-keeping, while IoT applications can provide granular
data on supply chain activities and environmental performance metrics. AI
algorithms can then analyze this data to identify discrepancies or potential
areas for optimization, thereby enhancing transparency and accountability.

Impact attribution is a key component of impact investing and often a hard
one to measure. AI techniques, such as causal inference algorithms and
counterfactual analysis, enable investors to identify the causal relationships
between their investments and the observed impacts. By simulating
alternative scenarios, AI-driven attribution models can isolate the true impact
attributable to specific investment actions, informing decision-making and
capital allocation.

32



Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Artificial Intelligence

Operationalizing AI: ethics and energy consumption

While we expect the deployment of AI to bring numerous benefits to
productivity, resource efficiency, innovation, and sustainable development,
adopters and investors should also consider potential adverse impacts that
come with any technological development. In the case of AI, two critical issues
continue to be flagged when it comes to operationalizing: ethics and energy
consumption. We think investors should consider companies’ governance
mechanisms, ethical behavior and approach to managing greenhouse gas
emissions as part of decisions to allocate capital to AI-related technologies
and business models.

The question of AI ethics is in fact very real and present, with “deep fakes”
distorting information, and the effect of human thinking on the development
of the technology. In November 2021, the 193 members of the United
Nations adopted UNESCO’s “Recommendation on the Ethics of Artificial
Intelligence” to summarize, standardize, and potentially manage the ethical
framework around this technology. While mostly directed at policymakers,
we think the framework represents a useful guide on assessing the potential
risks of deploying AI technologies more broadly—both for companies and for
investors. Ongoing monitoring and lifecycle management form an essential
part of this process as well.

33



Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Artificial Intelligence

Source: UNESCO, 2021

For example, when thinking of the broader economy and labor, it might be
essential to evaluate the change in skillset that is required to deploy AI, and
to what extent this reflects the current labor mix. Failure to build essential
skills might slow down the speed of development and adoption, while rapid
skills development, on the other hand, might create an economic divide and
labor shortages in other parts of the economy. To illustrate the potential scale,
one study shows that large language models can already impact 80% of
the US workforce and 10% of the work tasks.17 The impact on small and
medium-sized enterprises, which are typically the backbone of developed and
developing economies, should also be considered, depending on the volume
of resource and capital expenditure that AI deployment requires.

34



Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Artificial Intelligence

Another area of potential risk is formed by issues around fairness and non-
discrimination, and whether AI can perpetuate biases, which—in addition
to exacerbating societal challenges—might also lead to poor business
outcomes, for example when serving clients or developing new products and
services more broadly. As with every digital technology, safety and security
are also key. The ethical dimension of this risk has to do with potential misuse
of AI when hacked by ill-meaning groups or organizations, particularly in the
field of terrorism and warfare.

These risks are difficult to assess at the individual company level,
lending themselves to broader impact considerations across technological
development as a whole. According to a 2021 Gartner study18, 86% of
corporate decision-makers in their sample agree that businesses are not
taking ethical risks seriously when deploying AI, with 31% stating that the
chief information officer should be ultimately responsible for the ethical
management of the technology, begging the question of whether companies
are truly equipped with the right governance frameworks, leadership, and
skillset to effectively tackle this issue. Therefore, we think investors should pay
close attention to governance mechanisms, the history of ethical corporate
behavior, and companies’ approach to selecting and targeting their consumer
base.

The issues around energy consumption—namely, the carbon footprint of
AI—seem better defined, with clear mechanisms for management, in our
view. The International Energy Agency estimates that data centers and
data transmissions account for 1–1.5% of total energy-related emissions19,
and while absolute emissions linked to information and communication
technologies continue to grow, driven by computing power and cooling,
this growth is quite modest compared to the overall deployment rates
of such technologies. The IEA also points out that new generations of
existing technologies, such as internet broadband, mobile networks, and
data centers are becoming more resource efficient. Still, optimizing energy
consumption and ultimately reducing absolute greenhouse gas emissions
remain critical as the world aims to curb global warming. The IEA analysis
highlights that the electricity demand for an OpenAI search request is
almost 10 times higher than for a Google search request. Many regions and
economic areas, especially across emerging and frontier markets, still rely on
legacy technologies and networks, making the transition to “greener” AI
infrastructure more challenging. In this regard, investors should pay attention
to companies’ and technologies’ overall development in carbon intensity—
i.e., the additional carbon emissions generated as revenues and deployment
grow—to be able to assess the energy and resource efficiency of deployment.
We think climate transition risk is likely to be material to all industries,
including IT, and have an effect on larger AI adopters within the energy,
industrials, and materials sectors.

State of the private AI market

Author: Karim Cherif

35



Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Artificial Intelligence

Private investors (PE) and venture capitalists (VC) in particular often get a
sneak peek of the future. The same holds true for the AI opportunity. First
investments by private equity and VC funds in AI/ML firms date back almost
15 years ago. Since then, the investment pace has gradually accelerated with
almost a quarter trillion dollars invested in the past five years.

Last year saw global investments in AI/ML companies reach USD 43bn across
2,500 deals, of which 32% can be attributed to VC funds, 21% to corporates
and corporate venture capital funds, and 6% to private equity firms,
according to CB Insights. Overall activity slowed down year-over-year and was
below 2021 records, a consequence of broader macroeconomic uncertainty
and elevated interest rates. Compared to the rest of the VC market, however,
AI startups showed resilience in terms of funding, valuations, and exits.

The AI industry is maturing, and deals are getting bigger. Average deal size
reached USD 23.5mn in 2023 from USD 15.2mn five years ago. At the end of
2023, there were 186 private AI companies valued at over USD 1bn (unicorn),
up 10% y/y. Regionally, the US is racing ahead, capturing 42% of total AI/ML
deals, followed by Asia (30%) and Europe (23%).20

Investment approaches, however, differ depending on the investor base.
Earlier-stage investors such as venture capitalists and growth equity
managers are focusing on technology investments in areas such as natural
language interfaces (e.g., chatbots, personal assistants), AI core platforms
(for data training, model development, deployment, and management),
two-dimensional digital media content (images, video, avatars), and
biotechnology. Larger private equity firms, meanwhile, are focusing on
building the physical infrastructure that will be key to the AI revolution,
datacenters in particular. According to Synergy Research Group, private
equity share in data center M&A activity steadily grew to reach 91% of
overall deals in 2022. Other large PE firms are partnering with AI startups
to adopt new solutions to drive productivity and efficiency and generate
additional sales—notably in the fields of software, finance, media, healthcare,
and cybersecurity, with AI increasingly seen as a new lever of long-term value
creation.

More broadly, general partners are laser focused on understanding the
implications of generative AI advancements on existing portfolio investments
and on identifying threats and opportunities to existing economic business
models. AI technologies also hold the promise of revolutionizing the way
private equity firms operate. From identifying future targets to conducting
due diligence or automating back-office workflows, AI has the potential to
dramatically improve data collection and sharing in an industry renowned for
its lack of information transparency and efficiency.

We think PE and VC managers are uniquely positioned to offer investors a
holistic exposure to AI opportunities across various verticals at different stages
of a company life cycle. Most promising opportunities currently lie in the fields
of datacenters, software, media, and biotechnology, in our view.

We note, however, that many of these opportunities have yet to prove
commercial viability and are mainly accessible through VC investments,
which carry several risks. Besides the inherently higher failure rate of startup
companies, VC investments differ significantly from investing in listed shares

36



Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Artificial Intelligence

on the stock exchange. Venture capital is essentially an opaque and illiquid
market, where information is not equally available to everyone. Financing
usually consists of multiple rounds of private financing by investors who
purchase newly issued, unlisted securities. Each round triggers a capital
increase and raises the risk of ownership dilution. Also, shareholder rights
such as voting, veto, exit, or liquidation rights can differ greatly between
founder-entrepreneurs, angel investors, independent or corporate venture
funds, and other industrial or financial groups.

Securing access to the best fund managers to mitigate these risks is
paramount to maximizing the chances of success. Competition among VC
managers to fund the best companies is also very high. Investors should seek
partnerships with managers who are actively sourcing deals and taking a
leading role in the company in which they invest, as opposed to employing a
follower strategy and focusing solely on unicorns and bigger deals. Manager
selection matters, but so does portfolio construction. Investing in one VC
fund has historically proved to be a rather inefficient way to access the
asset class. Investors should commit to a long-term plan and build exposure
across vintage years, geographies, managers, etc. Importantly, VC exposure
should be considered within a global private market portfolio diversified
across various private equity and debt strategies and sized according to an
investor's risk appetite and goals.

AI unicorns

While we continue to see multiple trillion-dollar AI opportunities within public
listed companies, we also highlight another trillion-dollar AI opportunity in
the unlisted space—in AI unicorns and other startups. While there are more
than 1,000 unicorns globally, according to data from CB Insights, there
were 186 AI unicorns by end-2023, with 16 new unicorns added in 2023.
Currently, AI represents around 15% of overall global unicorns; considering
our view that AI is the tech theme of the decade, we expect AI’s share of
global unicorns to continue to rise, as we believe unlisted companies today
offer a better way to participate in breakthrough AI innovation and strong
long-term growth potential than through public equities. Within the tech
space, we believe some of the most exciting AI opportunities in the unlisted
sphere are mostly in AI platforms, software and infrastructure, and data
center companies.

37



Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Artificial Intelligence

Figure 17 - AI unicorns globally on a steady rise
Number of AI unicorns (private companies with USD >1bn valuation)

Source: CB Insights (cbinsights/research), UBS, as of February 2024

Figure 18 shows the list of AI unicorns by region in 2023. With a significant
first-mover advantage, including strong leadership in LLMs and AI computing,
the US market is in the driver's seat, accounting for 116 AI unicorns in 2023
and 62% of global AI unicorns. Coincidentally, the US market today accounts
for 63% of global equities (as represented by MSCI AC World). Asia has the
second-largest number of unicorns with 36, followed by Europe at 26 and
the rest of the world at eight. While broadening AI trends mean we should
expect more unicorns outside the US, we still expect the US market to remain
at the center of AI innovation in both the public and private spaces for the
foreseeable future.

Figure 18 - The US dominates with more than 100 AI unicorns

Source: CB Insights (cbinsights/research), UBS, as of February 2024

38



Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Artificial Intelligence

Economic value of AI, an investor’s
perspective

Author: Dean A. Turner

The impact of AI on the global economy will in many ways be similar to
that seen with the introduction of new technologies during the first three
industrial revolutions. In our view, given the numerous and as yet unknown
and undetermined paths the development of AI is likely to take, it is less
important for investors to attempt to quantify an overall impact and more
beneficial to consider how AI will benefit or impair various sectors and regions
of the global economy.

New technologies are only adopted if they can deliver economic efficiency.
Historically, greater efficiency has resulted in productivity gains that have
fueled economic growth. AI has the potential to boost productivity in many
sectors of the economy, by enabling workers to produce more with the same
or fewer inputs. However, unlike previous technological developments, AI
is happening against a backdrop of shrinking workforces in countries that
currently make up over half of the world’s GDP. Moreover, increasing resource
constraints and environmental concerns may mean that productivity gains
are merely used to stabilize output with fewer inputs. Thus, it may be that
the main influence of AI will be to slow the pace of declining growth that has
affected many economies over the past decade, not reverse it.

Economic growth isn’t the only factor for investors to consider. Corporate
pricing power is also likely to change if, as we expect, firms use AI to introduce
greater price discrimination. This would likely come from new technologies
giving firms a greater understanding of the price every customer is willing and
able to pay for a good or service. Of course, this could mean some companies
can charge more, potentially boosting margins, but there is also the potential
that AI only serves to lower barriers to entry for new competitors, which could
erode margins for established industry leaders.

With regard to employment, the IMF estimates that around 40% of the global
workforce will see their jobs impacted by AI. For some, this will result in
changes to established working practices alongside the potential productivity
gains. But it is also estimated that roughly half of those jobs affected will
be replaced by AI entirely. Fears of mass unemployment are not new when
it comes to new technologies such as AI, but history shows that the labor
force adjusts to accommodate such changes, with new roles and industries
replacing old ones. However, this takes time, and one concern with AI is that
the speed of adoption of the new technologies will mean that workers cannot
retrain quick enough, resulting in a large and prolonged bout of frictional
unemployment. This can lead to negative political outcomes, as disaffected
workers seek to apportion blame, causing greater political polarization. It
could also mean that politicians are more willing to pursue policies that
prevent the adoption of AI. A more volatile political backdrop combined with
bad policymaking can often lead to less positive outcomes for investors.

39



Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Artificial Intelligence

A final consideration is the regional impact of AI. All economies should
benefit from new technologies that promote economic efficiency compared
to the alternative. However, not all will benefit equally or at the same speed.
Regional differences in regulation, availability of capital, levels of education
and training, and protectionist policies will likely mean that some regions will
enjoy the benefits sooner and to a greater extent than others.

Chapter 2: Repeating and rhyming – why AI
is similar to and different from prior IT cycles

American writer Mark Twain is often credited with saying that "history
doesn't repeat itself, but it often rhymes."

In 1996, Microsoft co-founder and former CEO Bill Gates said “…we
always overestimate the change that will occur in the next two years and
underestimate the change that will occur in the next ten…"

We think both statements may be helpful in thinking about the path to
monetization for generative AI and comparing the current environment to
the dotcom era of 1997–2000, the prior great technology boom.

With the benefit of hindsight, we see three distinct phases of dotcom-era
investment that may be helpful in thinking about the path to AI monetization.

In the first phase, there is significant investment in the underlying
infrastructure and an exploration of the potential economic benefits the new
technology may bring.

The second phase is characterized by experimentation, disruption, and
revolution. Incumbents in the technology experiment with integrating the
new technology into their offerings, some with success but also some failures
as legacy business models are disrupted by new entrants.

Lastly, disruption accelerates as the new technology enables new business
models and drives further innovation.

The last phase is the longest and perhaps the most economically important.
The new technology is adopted broadly, contributing to economic growth
and productivity.

From ARPANET to the dotcom era – lessons in the first phase

ARPANET began as a US Department of Defense Project in 1969 and
yielded two key technologies—packet switching and the TCP/IP protocol—
that remain the key underpinnings of the modern internet.

The build out of the internet required staggering levels of capital investment.
Telecom companies' spending on their networks increased approximately
25% in 2000 and 100% in just three years.

That capital investment drove massive growth for a new set of technology
companies. Cisco Systems, the networking behemoth that provided the

40



Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Artificial Intelligence

switching and routing gear that powered the internet, grew revenue 53% in
its fiscal year 2000 on top of 43% growth in 1999.

At the same time, the technology sector was disrupted itself. Optical
networking migrated from SONET/SDH to WDM. In networking, frame relay
was replaced by ethernet. Mainframe and minicomputer demand declined
inexorably as PCs and servers gained share. At the same time, Windows
reigned supreme, and Apple carved out its niche.

Just as modern networking had a lengthy gestation before its widespread
adoption, artificial intelligence has had a series of "summers" filled with
advancement, followed by "winters" of apathy. However, ChatGPT and
LLMs appear to be at the same sort of inflection point seen during the
commercialization of the internet and the launch of the iPhone.

At the same time, new business models were being explored. The internet
removed the need for a local presence in retail, leading to the rise of e-
commerce. Some of the early e-commerce companies took too narrow a
focus. Others spent more on marketing than they did in building durable
franchises. Alongside this, investors struggled to justify the rapid rise in
equity prices with valuations that were divorced from financial performance.
Valuations based on clicks and eyeballs became common—not the quality of
earnings (i.e., the difference between GAAP/IFRS and adjusted earnings, the
difference between earnings and cash flows).

Ultimately, reality set in with a bit of help from the Federal Reserve tightening
policy and a weaker economy. Pets.com, emblematic of the suspension of
disbelief of the dotcom era, is now a cautionary tale. But there are plenty
of other examples, ranging from other e-commerce businesses (Webvan,
boo.com, and eToys.com) to search engines (Alta Vista, excite.com, Infoseek,
Ask Jeeves) and early prototypes of what would evolve into social media
(theglobe.com).

What lessons can we draw from the dotcom era’s investment and
experimentation phase?

First, investment cycles can run hotter and longer than many expect. Cisco
grew revenues at nearly a 70% CAGR from 1995 to 1997, the earliest days
of the internet build-out. It then grew revenue at more than a 40% CAGR
from 1997 to 2000.

Second, infrastructure investment ultimately has to be supported by revenue
from the very services it is meant to support.

Third, macro conditions matter even for secular narratives. A tightening
Federal Reserve ultimately set a higher bar for valuations, which for
many dotcom-era companies proved too high a hurdle as fundamentals
deteriorated. Additionally, many of the leading companies of the dotcom
era were not profitable and relied on financial engineering (mergers
and acquisitions, secondary stock issuance at inflated valuations). Other
companies relied on vendor-financing, a method in which a vendor supports
a customer's investment via financing. It turned out that some customers of
some large technology companies were actually using vendor financing to
finance their day-to-day operations.

41



Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Artificial Intelligence

Applying these lessons to the current AI investment wave yields potential
insights for today's investors.

On the positive, a key difference is that AI investment is first and foremost
led by some of the largest companies in the world. These firms have high-
quality earnings, strong profitability, and healthy cash flows. Additionally, we
are not yet seeing a wave of AI startups with unproven and uncertain business
models access the public markets. Lastly, if we benchmark the start of the
internet era and investment cycle to the 1995 IPO of Netscape, the internet
bubble lasted for five years. Benchmarking today's AI cycle to the November
2022 public launch of ChatGPT implies that we are less than 18 months into
the current technology cycle.

Aligning these points with valuations is also illustrative. The trailing 12-month
P/E for the tech-heavy NASDAQ index was 175x at its peak. Today, the IT
sector trades at a rich but, in our view, justifiable trailing 12-month P/E of 33x.

That said, investors should carefully track the progress of AI-service revenues
needed to support further investment. Simply put, the hundreds of thousands
of GPUs that are expected to ship over the next few years must be put to
work generating profitable revenue. Additionally, even the strongest growth
narratives can be interrupted by shifting macroeconomic conditions.

The key takeaway is that while the current investment cycle has echoes of
the dotcom era, AI has a better fundamental base and is likely still early days.

Phase two – Learning from others' mistakes

While the technology industry was in the throes of a multiyear downturn
from 2000 to 2002, the rest of the world went to work figuring out how to
use the internet in their own operations. In the technology sector, some of
the survivors of the dotcom bubble rose from the ashes to become today's
largest companies, while others never quite found their footing.

The internet brought with it significant economic and social change. Entire
new industries were built on top of this new mode of communication.
Without the internet, there would be no smartphone, no app economy, no
ride-sharing, no e-commerce, no tele-health, no streaming media, no online
banking, no social media.

Consumers worldwide clearly benefited from the transformation brought
about by the internet. Some industries adopted the technology to drive
efficiencies. However, these advances came at the expense of some
established industries and their incumbents.

Traditional brick and mortar retailers have been decimated by e-commerce.
Amazon evolved from an online bookseller to the "everything store" and to
one of the most important IT companies in the world with Amazon AWS.
Storied retailers including Sears, Dillard's, and Radio Shack suffered long,
slow, and painful declines.

But not every retailer was pushed aside. Walmart remains the biggest retailer
globally. Target's trademark red bullseye logo sits atop nearly 2,000 physical

42



Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Artificial Intelligence

stores today, almost 60% more than in 1999 when the logo was first
introduced.

Financial services companies aggressively moved to online banking as a
complement to their brick-and-mortar branch systems. In recent years, banks
have had to fend off a rising cohort of fintech companies, but rather
than chase a wholesale change to their business model or retrench from
new competition, the incumbents adopted the best features of their new
challengers and further leveraged their intrinsic advantages of scale, trust,
and incumbency.

To be clear, there were industries and companies that did not survive, much
less thrive. The music industry was shaken to its core by file share service
Napster, and it took years to adjust to the new digital world of mobile music.

The linear media industry was relatively unscathed for more than a decade,
but we can mark the beginning of its secular decline to 2013, when Netflix
became the new "must see TV," replacing NBC in American viewers’ canon,
with its binge-worthy content and innovative direct-to-consumer model via
the internet. The industry remains in secular decline and many of the great
studios and content providers struggle to find an economically viable model.
Roughly 70% of advertising is now digital, as advertisers follow viewership
and enjoy higher returns on advertising spending due to better targeting and
measurement.

Against this backdrop, innovators saw opportunity. Google emerged as the
dominant force in search after beating back a host of competitors. Facebook,
as it was known then, changed the way we all shared information with
friends and family and now connects nearly 75% of the world's population
(excluding countries where it is permanently banned).

What are the key lessons of phase two of the internet era?

First, technology in and of itself isn't a strategy for corporations. Technology
alone will not differentiate a company versus its competitors or overcome
a poor strategy. Technology is an input, just like flour for a baker, and
companies have to understand what technology can and cannot do.

Second, the hangover from over-investment in IT can last for multiple years.
Even though the sector's revenue growth finally recovered in 2003 after two
years of declines, the landscape remained challenging. Many of the leading
dotcom-era companies that survived the crash struggled in the post-crash
decade that followed. It took Microsoft a full decade to fundamentally shift its
business and adapt to the new reality. Dell Computer, Intel, and Cisco, which
along with Microsoft were anointed the "four horsemen of the internet,"
never returned to their former growth rates and saw their stocks lag the
broader indices for years.

Third, after an investment bubble crash, someone will find a way to capitalize
on all that infrastructure, as seen with the rise of Google and Facebook.

What do these points mean for investors evaluating opportunities
related to artificial intelligence?

43



Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Artificial Intelligence

Early on, the internet was sometimes called the "information superhighway."
Using this image, we see it can be profitable to be the road builder. But
eventually the roads are fully built, and then it is better to be a trucking
company. From the perspective of AI, the lesson of the internet may be that
the opportunity is larger and more durable in the services and applications
that run on the huge infrastructure built out in the first wave.

Phase three – broad adoption drives growth and productivity

The global financial crisis (GFC) touched every sector of the global economy,
including technology. But the post-GFC era was a fertile time for the
technology sector. From the Blackberry to the iPhone, smartphones changed
the way 6.7 billion people (more than 80% of the world's population) live
and work. Nearly 50 years after its first conception, cloud computing now
captures 40% of all workloads and roughly 20% of all IT spending.

The world's largest corporations are all leveraged one way or another to
mobility and the cloud. Furthermore, our smartphones are actually "dumb"
in the sense that other than processing videos and pictures, most of the
apps rely on cloud computing for their actual computing, so we all enjoy the
benefits of the cloud. Cloud computing also enabled the rise of software-as-
a-service companies, which democratizes technology by divorcing the burden
of owning and managing IT infrastructure from the use of an application.

Economist Robert Solow said in 1987, "You can see the computer age
everywhere but in the productivity statistics." Despite the vast technological
innovation of the past decade, US productivity growth has largely remained
below prior decades. Perhaps this lack of productivity is a function of poor
economic data, as former Fed Chairman Alan Greenspan once suggested.
Or perhaps "productivity is notoriously difficult to predict," as Dr. Greenspan
also said.

Either way, it is clear that the technologies born at the dawn of the internet
era are enmeshed in corporate IT environments and our personal lives.
Furthermore, the benefits compound over time through standardization,
which makes the technology more accessible and more affordable, and
network effects, whereby the value of a technology increases in a nonlinear
fashion relative to the number of users.

What are the key lessons of phase three of the internet era?

First, foundational technologies like the internet tend to have long-reaching
and widespread impact.

Second, this very fact may mean that the benefits of technology adoption
are shared across the economy and that it is difficult for any one company
to gain a sustainable competitive or comparative advantage based on non-
proprietary technologies.

Third, it's good to be a tech company. It's clear that while many technology
companies didn't thrive or even survive the dotcom crash, the successive
waves of tech companies were the main beneficiaries of technology
adoption.

44



Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Artificial Intelligence

How is this relevant for investment in AI today?

We expect AI to "rhyme" with prior major shifts in technology, but not
necessarily "repeat" the failures of the dotcom era. AI, like any other
technology, is unlikely to be a panacea for economic growth or any individual
company. But investors should think about how AI may disrupt some
industries and enable others.

Overnight successes are rare in general, and even more rare in the technology
sector. It took decades for ARPANET to become the modern internet. It took
50 years for the premise of cloud computing at scale to be realized in Amazon
AWS. It was 41 years from the Motorola Dynatac to the iPhone. So investors
need to balance longer-term AI optimism against a pragmatic view of the
history of technology innovation and investing.

However, the good news is that AI has been a work in progress for over
60 years, and just like prior cycles, the key foundational technologies have
seemingly hit an inflection point. History shows us that there will be fits and
starts in AI adoption, and that today's leaders may not necessarily be the
ultimate long-term winners. But investors should have exposure to artificial
intelligence in a balanced, pragmatic approach and be willing to take a fairly
long view on the technology given the historical precedent of major waves
of technology development enjoying exceptionally long usage.

Chapter 3: Evolution of AI

Introduction

Artificial intelligence is not new. Researchers like Alan Turing were discussing
human-like computing systems in the 1940s, and tech giants have been
experimenting with AI models for years. It just hasn’t had the killer application
to propel the technology into the limelight of popular adoption—until now.
Launched in November 2022, ChatGPT broke the record at the time for the
fastest user adoption ever, attracting 100mn users in two months; it took
TikTok, the record holder then, nine months to reach that milestone21. Other
examples of breakthrough technologies include the Netscape browser, which
helped popularize the internet in 1994, and Microsoft Windows, which made
the PC accessible to everyday users in 1985. Both the internet and the PC
were invented well before these moments, but it was the new interface that
made these technologies easy to use. In a similar vein, ChatGPT has opened
AI up to widespread use.

45



Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Artificial Intelligence

Figure 19 - The usability moment for Al

Source: UBS, May 2024

ChatGPT falls into the category of generative AI (genAI)—AI that can create
new content, including text, video, images, music and code. The content it
produces is very similar to human-generated content, in that it is coherent
and contextually aware.

The recent improvements in generative AI can be credited to a new
algorithmic architecture called the “transformer model” and the enormous
scale that both compute and data have reached. GenAI, alongside other
forms of machine learning, will usher in a new age of ubiquitous intelligence,
in our view. The next decades, we believe, will be mostly about the AI
economy, with wide-ranging implications for jobs, productivity, inflation, and
geopolitics.

Large language models (LLMs) may well become a gateway for how we
interact with computers, much in the same way the browser became the
gateway for our internet access. The model layer may substitute the platform-
as-a-service (PaaS) layer, and software development should change quite
radically. The value chain in a genAI environment is different. By leveraging
LLMs, we can program computers and software through natural language.
Software engineers may well work more on data pruning and quality
processes than writing source code. What we’ve described is broadly defined
as “software 2.0,” where computing infrastructure moves from CPU +
software coding to GPU + LLMs/neural nets. Taking it one step further, there
may be specific roles for prompt engineers, as the way a business prompts
its internal model may become a source of competitive differentiation. While
AI seems to be the future of software, there are a couple of important
implications.

History of generative AI

Artificial intelligence has been a part of the technology landscape for years,
from the success of IBM's Big Blue in chess to Alphabet's DeepMind unseating
a world Go champion. Artificial intelligence is a broad term that covers
technologies that mimic human intelligence, spanning simple rule-based
systems to complex machine learning models.

46



Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Artificial Intelligence

While there have been several AI cycles in the past, we believe two key
moments represent step-changes in AI development. The first is the adoption
of GPUs in machine learning (ML), and the second is the emergence of the
transformer model for genAI. The latter was developed by a group of Google
engineers and published in the paper “Attention is all you need” in 2017.

The transformer model marks a shift away from traditional recurrent neural
net architectures that use sequence-based recurrence. Instead, transformer
models calculate the relevance of each part of the input data to other parts,
allowing the model to focus on different parts of the input data when creating
the output data. Transformers handle sequences of data in parallel rather
than sequentially, speeding up training and inference.

Large language models like ChatGPT use the transformer model along with
large datasets to create a wide range of content, from writing technical texts,
engaging in Q&A, and analyzing articles to creating artwork and videos. They
can be considered super brains that are getting smarter through learning
from data as well as from human and machine feedback.

We believe genAI represents a new technological transition as the way we
interact with computers changes and the cost of intelligence drops. To fully
understand AI and its potential implications, it is necessary to understand the
history and the technology of what has been described as "mankind's last
invention."

Categories of AI

Artificial intelligence is not one technology, but rather a range of
technologies. Modern artificial intelligence systems primarily fall into the
related categories of machine learning and neural networks. While there are
various definitions for both, we refer to ML as the classic statistical AI, whereas
neural networks are inspired by the human brain’s architecture and can detect
complex patterns from unstructured data.

47



Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Artificial Intelligence

The concept of ML was first proposed by Arthur Samuel in 1959. Machine
learning uses mathematical and statistical models like linear regression (the
y = mx + b that high school students learn in geometry, but with more
variables), logistic regression (similar to linear regression, but yielding a
discrete value such as one or zero, true or false), decision trees, and more
advanced algorithms (e.g., SVM, Naïve Bayes, K-nearest neighbors, K-means,
among others). Probability and calculus are also part of the ML math toolbox
and are integral to how ML models forecast, optimize, and update model
parameters and outcomes.

Neural networks are the fundamental building block of AI deep learning
algorithms underpinning genAI, much like how the transistor underpins
semiconductors. Their name and structure are inspired by the human brain
and mimic the way biological neurons signal to one another. Models use
interconnected nodes or neurons in layers to process data. Importantly,
because each neuron is adjustable, the systems are adaptive. Each neuron
connection, like the synapses in a brain, can transmit a signal to other
neurons according to the parameters defining whether one neuron signals
to another. Just like transistors process logic by oscillating in an on/off state,
neurons process logic by transmitting or not transmitting signals to other
neurons. Thus, when we scale neurons and parameters, models become more
nuanced, complex, accurate, and useful—however, computational intensity
and memory requirements increase.

The evolution of neural nets

As model architecture research has evolved, we have progressed from simple
feedforward neurons to recurrent/convolutional neural networks (RNNs/
CNNs) and to transformer models today. These different structures of neurons
define how the input data is processed by the model.

Figure 20 - The evolution of neural nets

Source: UBS
Note: NLP = natural language processing

For instance, in feedforward networks, the information only flows forward
through the network layers and each neuron can only signal to the neuron
ahead of it. Information is also processed sequentially.

48



Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Artificial Intelligence

Increases in processing power allowed the practical application of RNNs, first
developed in the 1980s, in areas such as speech recognition and natural
language processing. Convolutional neural networks, also developed in the
1980s, saw a similar spike in usage for image analysis and classification.
While these systems were powerful and created real economic and business
values, there were still significant limitations, mostly due to the underlying
technology.

Recurrent neural networks have several specific characteristics that limit their
effectiveness for language processing. An RNN analyzes sequential patterns
and uses pattern recognition to predict the next likely data point. A simple
example follows: "I hear the dog…" is almost immediately followed by
"barking." The analysis and pattern recognition can be bidirectional, so that
the calculation of nodes on later layers can inform nodes on earlier layers to
refine the solution, in a process that mimics human learning to some extent.
Recurrent neural networks create a gradient to measure errors in outcomes.
This gradient can be thought of as a sort of adjustment factor that helps
direct the model toward the proper outcome. However, the use of gradients
causes some difficulties when RNNs are used in complex questions. As the
RNN cycles through its calculation process, it passes the gradient (think of it
as a roadmap for error correction) back and forth through the layers, and the
gradient itself is constantly updated. However, this iterative updating of the
gradient can cause the gradient itself to "vanish"—i.e., become so small as
to be unusable, or to "explode," making the model unwieldy and difficult
to train.

Convolutional neural networks faced similar issues but with additional
complexity from the need for large amounts of labeled data and high
computing power requirements (i.e., significant computing capacity, large
amounts of memory).# The transformer model, as introduced in the paper
"Attention is all you need," replaces recurrent and convolutional layers with
a self-attention mechanism.

Essentially, transformer expands on the notion of word vectors to pay
attention to the most important words, contexts, and relationships in
language. It does this by tokenizing each word in the prompt and prioritizing
certain words based on an assessment of importance.

To decide on importance, transformer models assign three values to each
word along the three vectors of query, key, and value.
1. The query vector assigns a value based on the question of what seems

most important in the sentence by relating each word to every other word.

2. The key vector assigns a value related to the importance of the word.

3. The value vector is based on the word's actual meaning, if it is important
(i.e., has a high key vector value).

These values are then weighted and summed. Additionally, instead of the
back-and-forth iterative calculation process in recurrent neural networks,
attention mechanisms run in parallel.

Other attractive features of the transformer are that it is parallelizable and
generalizable, and thus good at arbitrary problems, optimizable via backward

49



Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Artificial Intelligence

propagation and reinforcement learning with human feedback (RLHF), and
their multi-modal model allows them to ingest text and image-based data.

Conclusion: The transformer model revolutionized natural language
processing, enabling parallel data processing and significantly improving the
performance of a wide range of tasks.

LLMs and the human brain

Large language models share similarities with the human brain in how both
process vast amounts of data to train their mental model. However, LLMs
have magnitudes more capacity. Even an early model such as GPT-3.5 used
approximately 1,000x more input data than human brains for training. But
the model parameters the human brain allows for in the form of synapses are
magnitudes higher than that of LLMs—similarly by a factor of 1,000x in the
case of GPT-3.5. This suggests that the brain has a much more robust training
algorithm than LLMs, requiring less data to estimate parameters or establish
synaptic connections. Also, the human brain consumes much less energy than
LLMs when estimating parameters. This will likely be another area of intense
research, as the energy needs pose high costs for LLMs, especially when the
data sets and parameter size increase further.

Figure 21 - The human brain and large language models

Source: UBS, May 2024

Conclusion: Large language models are able to ingest much more text data
than humans can but have fewer parameters and need more power. The
functioning of the human brain is likely to remain a source of inspiration
in genAI research, with parameter size increasing and new algorithms
developed with lower computational intensity.

Importantly, the transformer model has not exhibited significant diminishing
returns to scaling parameters. This is different to previous AI architectures,
such as RNNs or CNNs, which exhibited overfitting bias as model parameters
and training data sets were scaled. Furthermore, given that model algorithm
changes have been insignificant since the advent of the transformer model,
the vast majority of model performance improvements have come from
scaling up the compute or data used to train a model. This is why we
often refer to GPTs as capitalist AI, as by simply investing more capital into
compute and data resources, models have substantially improved. It’s unclear

50



Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Artificial Intelligence

whether achieving artificial general intelligence (AGI) will require much more
computing power, algorithmic innovations, or simply more data. But to be
sure, the road to AGI will depend upon our ability to tackle the current
bottlenecks and bolster compute, data, and model architecture.

Training

Training an LLM model refers to the process of unsupervised learning where
the model is presented with word sequences and learns to predict the next
word. Once a model is trained, the parameters become fixed—creating a
generative pre-trained transformer, or a “GPT,” foundational model. Training
is not a one-off cost, as the useful life of a model is typically quite short. Once
trained, it quickly becomes outdated, which means there is a constant need
for re-training.

OpenAI’s GPT models and Google’s Gemini, for instance, provide off-the-
shelf GPTs as “intelligence-as-a-service.” These models can be used as
standalone applications such as ChatGPT or be integrated via APIs into
existing workflows.

Prompt engineering and fine-tuning

After the initial training, the model is evaluated on separate datasets to assess
its performance on various tasks such as text completion or Q&A. A customer
may then choose to finetune their model. Fine-tuning refers to the process
of making small adjustments to a pre-trained model to adapt it to specific
tasks or training data sets.

Platforms provide tools for fine-tuning GPT models with a user’s own data.
We expect fine-tuning to be effective over the long run, but as of right
now, early adopters have found a better return on investment in prompt
engineering over fine-tuning. Prompt engineering is a lighter way to refine
foundational models and it is akin to teaching a child through questions,
as well-crafted prompts can steer AI models. Simply by asking the right
questions, you can get more value out of today’s AI.

Compute requirements

The process of training and inferencing requires significant computational
resources and can take days to months, depending on the model size and
hardware used. Training takes three times the number of GPUs compared to
inference22.

Conclusion: Inference compute demand will likely increase as more models
are put into production, but training demand should stay high as new data
is added.

Overview of LLM models

Since the advent of the transformer model, there has been an explosion in
the development of LLMs. Large language models both come in the form of
proprietary and open-sourced models, with the difference in their licensing,
accessibility, and source code availability. According to the 2024 Stanford

51



Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Artificial Intelligence

Artificial Index Report23, a total of 149 foundation models were released,
more than double the amount released in 2022. Of these newly released
models, 65.7% were open source, compared to only 44.4% in 2022 and
33.3% in 2021. The figure below shows an overview of the significant open-
and closed-source models released over the last five years.

Figure 22 - Chronological display of LLM releases
The chart illustrates the evolving landscape and trends in natural language processing
research

Source: Hugging Face, A comprehensive overview of large language models by Naveed et al,
Feb 2024

Conclusion: The largest number of new models are open-sourced, creating
significant competition for proprietary models.

Despite many new open-source models, it is noteworthy that proprietary
models remain at the top of the Hugging Face leaderboard, which ranks LLMs
according to reasoning, general knowledge, and bias across a wide variety
of fields.

Figure 23 - LLM Leaderboard
Top 15 positions

Source: Hugging Face, June 2024

Conclusion: Despite the number of new open-source models, proprietary
models remain the top performers. OpenAI’s GPT-4 model is still the best-
performing model, suggesting that there are scale advantages to a first
mover.

The future of the transformer model

52



Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Artificial Intelligence

The transformer model has become the standard AI model. While model
architecture changes are not rare, we believe the transformer architecture
may benefit from a first-mover advantage. Since model architecture has been
relatively stable since 2017, AI engineers have been able to concentrate their
efforts on the transformer.

As a result, an ecosystem around the transformers is developing. As an
example, NVIDIA has built libraries to optimize transformer processing. This
has made it harder for newer architectures to gain traction, just like how
the QWERTY keyboard is still dominant today. By keeping model architecture
constant, most model improvements today have come from scaling up
compute on the base transformer model. We expect the transformer model
to remain a key architecture choice for LLMs for the medium term, but model
innovation is possible.

This has led to significant compute demand. As referenced earlier, according
to OpenAI, between 2012 and 2018, the amount of compute used in the
largest AI trainings doubled approximately every 3.4 months, leading to a
300,000x increase in compute required during that period.

Conclusion: The transformer model is likely to remain a key architectural
choice for LLMs.

Limitations

Large language models suffer from significant shortcomings, in particular
“hallucinations” (i.e., they can produce inaccurate facts) and inconsistencies
(i.e., they can come up with different answers to the same question). At this
stage, they cannot be used autonomously but need human supervision, very
much like an apprentice who will learn and improve abilities over time.

This issue is particularly pertinent in mission-critical applications such as
medical diagnostics and autonomous driving. The implications are that some
industries may lag AI adoption and that people working alongside AI “in
the loop” is key. Importantly, AI is a copilot—it is not an autopilot—and we
should view AI as an intern-to-manager structure where the manager remains
accountable for the output.

However, the field is advancing rapidly and several new approaches, such
as retrieval augmented generation (RAG), can help provide more accurate,
detailed, and up-to-date answers and scenarios where LLMs need to
reference data that is not part of the training set.

Conclusion: While genAI suffers from shortcomings such as hallucinations,
new techniques such as RAG are rapidly developing to address these issues.
Further advances in the abilities of LLMs should provide more accurate and
consistent content over time.

New architectures: State-space models

The transformer model is unlikely to be the only game in town. New
architectures such as “Mamba” have shown good promise, particularly when
handling longer sequences (text prompts). Mamba is a state-space model,
and its more efficient computing graph allows for smaller models with

53



Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Artificial Intelligence

faster throughput while maintaining accuracy. The Mamba model achieves 5x
higher generation throughput compared to transformers of similar sizes, and
their smaller size allows for less intense and faster inferencing. Despite the
different architecture, GPUs still underpin the vast majority of computing for
Mamba models but at a lower scale than in a transformer world. However,
model architecture shifts should be viewed as an advantage for GPUs, as
their general-purpose approach is fitted more for dynamic computing than
for custom AI chips.

Conclusion: New LLM architectures are also likely to rely on GPUs; in fact,
new architectures are likely to benefit GPUs, as they are more general purpose
in nature than custom AI chips.

From data to applications: the LLM

The ability to build high-performing LLMs that power these applications
depends on three factors: the size of high-quality datasets, the underlying
algorithmic architecture, and the amount of compute resources.

Figure 24 - From the data to applications

Source: UBS

Data
Data is the key input into LLMs. Enormous amounts of data from a range of
sources are used in the training process. The latest LLM models ingest content
from books, academic papers, and the entirety of Wikipedia, totaling more
than 45 terabytes of data.

Figure 25 - Data examples

Source: UBS

The collected data is then pre-processed, cleaned, and broken down into
manageable pieces (tokens). Cleaning and curating data can be time-
consuming; operators can’t simply dump their existing database into these
models and hope to get great insights. Curating involves removing noisy data
or outliers, using techniques like regression to filter out noise from training
data, handling missing values, and removing duplicates or clustering similar
groups of data together.

Moreover, securitizing data is paramount as data becomes increasingly
a vector for competitive differentiation. One approach to data security
is to leverage vector databases. Vector databases allow firms to encrypt
data without losing its semantic, making it more difficult for hackers to

54



Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Artificial Intelligence

decode data while ensuring the data remains useful. We believe fears of
data sovereignty are proving a major headwind to AI adoption, and the
development of vector databases is one technique that can help alleviate such
concerns.

Regarding foundational model training and datasets, GPT-4 was trained on
13 trillion tokens—or the Common Crawl dataset. The Common Crawl data
consists of petabytes of data from over 50 billion web pages collected since
2008 by a non-profit. The scale of data ingestion alone is impressive; however,
training is significantly more effective on curated, labeled, and cleaned data
sets. Hence, a major driver of OpenAI’s performance advantage comes down
to its curation and pre-processing of that dataset. Moreover, because of
improvements in pre-processing and the inevitable data drift over time, there
is a perpetual need to periodically retrain these largest models.

While we view AI as a rising tide with outsized benefits for the world, the
imbalance in data training sets could exacerbate certain existing inequalities.
For instance, genAI won’t have the same functionality in Welsh as in English,
and continents like Africa significantly lag the rest of world in terms of data
captured. The implications can already be seen: For instance, many vision
models are able to recognize Western weddings by photograph but most fail
at recognizing African weddings.

There are limited ways to accelerate the creation of mass reliable training
sets. For vision AI, simulating data is a proposed solution. However, they bring
questions as to whether an AI trained in simulation can truly operate with
real-world factors and raise accuracy concerns. It must follow that there are
diminishing returns to data scaling, as each incremental model functionality
should be an incrementally more niche application.

Large language models

Because of their generalized applicability and robustness, we will likely see
a number of large foundational models led by OpenAI, Google, Anthropic,
Meta, and others.

Figure 26 - LLM examples

Source: company data, UBS

In this regard, we expect several “AI foundries” to be established with
customers integrating these models either in existing or new applications. It’s
simply too expensive, time-consuming, and complicated to develop leading-
edge models in-house. End users will have to intermittently fine-tune the
models they receive from third parties as their databases drift and as the
underlying large GPTs are re-trained.

55



Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Artificial Intelligence

In deciding which LLM to integrate, end users weigh model performance,
inference cost per token, and other features such as permitted prompt length.
However, there are also many use cases where the top model would be
inefficient and expensive relative to a smaller model. For many use cases,
enterprises may prefer a smaller model with cheaper inferencing for specific
tasks, as they may not benefit from a model’s generalized performance as
much as consumers. In other words, the model doesn’t also need to be great
at poetry if it’s trained to detect manufacturing defects in images. Therefore,
we expect many smaller models to be developed over time.

Smaller models would also enable AI at the edge, defined as AI processed
outside of public and private clouds, the adoption of which we view as
inevitable due to their data privacy and latency advantages. For self-contained
models at the edge, personal data never has to be shared with a third-party
player in the cloud. We believe having clarity on data privacy will be an
important building block to building a companion personal assistant AI.

Conclusion: We expect about 10 large dominant foundational LLMs (closed /
open, US, EU, Asia) to be long-term winners.

56



Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Artificial Intelligence

Compute

Large language models require large amounts of compute for both training
and inference. The models can be trained in three different locations:
1. In the cloud where shared resources can help scale compute when needed

2. On premise in a data center with full control of data and model

3. On an edge device where training and inference will be local (and private)
on a device

Figure 27 - Storage and compute examples

Source: Company data, UBS

Given the scale of growth in compute, most performance improvements have
come from using more interconnected GPUs rather than faster chips. Indeed,
underlying chip improvements cannot match the current rate of AI model
scaling, and this has led to an explosion in demand for GPU units as well as
networking solutions.

If the transformer model remains the leading system, specialized hardware
through custom application-specific integrated circuits could eventually
outperform general purpose GPUs for certain use cases. We note that all
neural network architectures eventually plateaued, and transformers are likely
to follow the same fate.

Case study: The first GPU moment for AI

An interesting analogue to assess the significance of GPUs for LLMs is to study
the GPU demand impact from deep learning for computer vision. Graphics
processing units were first used in convolutional neural networks (CNNs) for
computer vision in 2012, when AlexNext won the ImagineNet competition
using the technology. Prior to this date, NVIDIA was known for its innovations
in GPUs for computer gaming. With the use of GPUs in computer vision,
NVIDIA expanded the breadth of applications for its GPUs. This new market
opportunity was one of the factors that helped NVIDIA's share price rise from
September 2012 to December 2016.

57



Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Artificial Intelligence

Figure 28 - Case study NVIDIA: Deep learning and computer
vision
NVIDIA price chart from January 2012 to December 2016

Source: Bloomberg

Challenges to adoption

There are some immediate challenges to adoption that could temporarily
slow momentum around AI that we discussed earlier, such as data protection
concerns from enterprises. Also, enterprises need to make the right
investments in their back-end infrastructure to make the most of genAI.
This includes modernizing their data stack, integrating genAI into their
workforce's workflow, and continuously integrating the latest, most relevant
models.

Building and training a model in-house is too costly and not differentiating
enough for enterprises to handle, so most of the value should come from
fine-tuning the model onto their own dataset. Data has been valuable for
decades, but many enterprises are still only just realizing how valuable that
data is. After all, we believe that data protection worries from enterprises
may slow the immediate pace of adoption. The genie is out of the bottle—
and continued ingenuity on model efficiency and data training should drive
adoption.

Chapter 4: Everything everywhere all at
once: AI’s reshaping of key sector and
regional dynamics

The sector contributions were written by our regional sector strategists
(authors mentioned below) and supported by our APAC team (Chisa
Kobayashi, Soekching Kum, Hartmut Issel, and Carl Berrisford).

Introduction

In the fourth chapter, we take a closer look at the different sectors and how
(generative) AI may impact them in the coming years. Along with the impact

58



Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Artificial Intelligence

on business models, we have examined how it could affect sector revenues,
operating margins, pricing power, and long-term share price performance.
Although AI should have a neutral to positive impact on corporate topline
and operating margins for most sectors, pricing power may suffer for several
industries if AI has a deflationary impact on product prices. Certain industries
are used to technological disruption, but for others, AI will create a bigger
challenge and companies must adapt their business models fast to stay
competitive in the market. Many of these AI-led changes could also have an
implication on sustainable development, as the technology enables us to use
resources more efficiently and to deliver much needed products and services
to remote and/or underserved communities. We discuss these implications in
greater detail in the following chapter.

The impact across sectors is diverse:
• In the automotive industry, AI will likely support the development of

autonomous driving but put pressure on pricing and margins due to
efficiency gains.

• The IT and communication services sectors are at the heart of the AI
revolution. In our view, AI will be the tech theme of the decade and
provide strong tailwinds for them. We believe tech currently offers the best
exposure to the AI trend, particularly in the semiconductor and software
industries.

• The healthcare industry hopes that AI will shorten the drug discovery cycle
and accelerate the FDA approval success rate for discoveries.

• The financials sector is likely one of the sectors with the largest cost
opportunities given that IT and personnel account for a major part of the
overall cost base. Chatbots and virtual assistants powered by AI can offer
24/7 support.

• The consumer industry can leverage AI to anticipate demand more
accurately, thereby ensuring efficient resource allocation, reducing excess
inventory, and mitigating food waste. But it will also likely lead to higher
competition and lower consumer fidelity in online retail. In the luxury
segment, AI could play a role in enhancing the consumer journey.

• The increasing demand for AI datacenters has already had an impact
on the real estate sector. Proptech AI could drive additional business
opportunities.

• In the diverse industrials sector, a range of AI applications are already
in use and monetized by firms. For instance, AI should increase the
opportunities of digital twins in industrial applications even more.
However, the outsourcing industry (which is also part of the sector) may
see disruption due to the proliferation of sophisticated AI chatbots.

• In the materials sector, chemical companies are already using AI to
streamline prototyping and production processes.

• Finally, the utility and energy sectors will likely both benefit from higher
energy demand. According to the US Energy Information Administration
(EIA), an internet search using AI can use up to 10 times the amount of
electricity relative to a more traditional internet search.24

In our heatmap below, we also included a sector outlook on a three-year
horizon. We are positive on most subsectors, but we are cautious on select

59



Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Artificial Intelligence

areas (e.g., the automotive industry) and two industrial end-markets (air
freight and logistics and machinery). In the following pages, we discuss
certain companies to highlight generic trends in the industry to better
explain how AI may impact business models. Readers should note these case
studies are for information only and do not amount to investment views. For
investment ideas and our stock picks, see our companion report "Investing
through the AI platform shift."

Impact of AI on industries

60



Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Artificial Intelligence

Automobiles

Author: Rolf Ganter

What does generative AI mean for the sector?

Generative AI will likely affect the automotive industry (manufacturers and
suppliers) across the whole value chain—from R&D, design, purchasing and
logistics, production, sales and marketing, and after-sales to the tech features
and services offered to consumers in the vehicles. The impact will likely be felt
mainly through lower costs and lower barriers to entry. We see only limited
revenue opportunities at this stage (more below). In terms of margins, we

61



Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Artificial Intelligence

see only temporary improvements due to already high competitive pressure
in the industry and new competition—e.g., from Chinese players—and
potentially tech firms. On the supplier side, cut-throat price competition and
pressure from auto manufacturers have led to low supplier margins. Margins
throughout the industry remain low despite all the historical productivity
improvements and efficiency programs, and AI is unlikely to change this.

What are the new AI revenue opportunities?

The revenue opportunities are limited, in our view. In-car entertainment
features are one area, though consumers may not be willing to pay much
as most features are available on their handheld devices or mirrored on
their on-board screen. Autonomous driving technology, such as full self-
driving (FSD), likely offers the greatest opportunity. Vehicles already offer the
necessary hardware for FSD, and the software is being developed and will
likely continue to improve over time (beyond the current FSD level of 2+).
However, legal and technological hurdles are still high to achieve the required
level 4 (fully automated / autonomous) for personal vehicles and level 5 (full
automation with no driver) for robotaxi services, in our view.

Which areas may see productivity gains?

Productivity gains driven by AI could be very strong and along the whole
value chain. Auto companies are spending heavily on R&D—on average 5–
7% of annual sales—and the overall product design and testing phase before
market launch could last up to seven years. Competitive pressure to speed
up time-to-market is increasing, and genAI should help on the design and
R&D efficiency sides (like in pharma). Auto R&D expenses could therefore
fall substantially over time. Auto production is already well advanced in
terms of just-in-time or just-in-sequence concepts, but AI could help further
optimize the process—as well as for purchasing and logistics planning. While
the impact on auto production, particularly for blue-collar workers, appears
limited, significant efficiency gains could be realized in white-collar sectors,
which like other industries constitute approximately 40% of the auto sector.

Product planning, sales, and pricing may be the most impacted. Better
predictive power could result in improvements in assessing upcoming
repair works, as well as corresponding spare parts planning and sales.
Better visibility in projecting consumer behavior—e.g., option uptake during
car configurations—could immediately be used to optimize the internal
processes and adjust pricing in favor of higher margins. Personalized
marketing and sales campaigns may also see gains over time. One should bear
in mind that as of today, pretty much all the client-centric knowledge is with
the local dealer as a point-of-sale rather than with the auto manufacturer.
Thus, acquiring more client data through direct engagement with customers
can provide valuable insights for optimization, resulting in lower costs and
potentially higher revenues.

What does it mean for consumers?

Software is increasingly defining vehicles more than the hardware. And with
traffic increasing throughout the world’s motorways, top speed—beyond
the German autobahns—has become irrelevant. The latest software and
entertainment gadgets are steering consumer decisions. Autonomous driving

62



Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Artificial Intelligence

technology, which uses troves of collected data to train the systems, and
fast computing power in the car itself may be top of mind for consumers
by the end of the decade. Manufacturers may apply virtual and augmented
reality for better navigation, with windshields also used as a screen, using
AI technology to offer a unique consumer experience. More and more
cars include voice-controlled systems like MBUX in Mercedes-Benz, Alexa in
BMW, or ChatGPT in Volkswagen cars as announced during the CES Vegas.
Modern cars are constantly generating data—while driving or stopped—as
genAI draws a lot of (right) conclusions about the user and its surrounding
environment. This means privacy and data security concerns are likely to be
top priorities for regulators and customers alike.

To what extent is AI disruptive for the sector?

We see it mainly as a cost-efficiency story, and if integrated smartly, it
could bring costs across the whole value chain substantially down. Barriers
to entering the industry have dropped thanks to the shift to less complex
electric powertrains. Disruptors, namely from Asia, are already benefiting
from applying more technology and are able to beat incumbents on costs,
which has started to become a disruptive force. However, AI could lead to
the disruptors being disrupted—either by the next generation of companies
entering the auto industry or existing incumbents with strong brands using
technology at scale across their businesses to improve their positioning. But,
in our view, in the auto and auto supplier industry, temporary leads are
normally competed away relatively fast, with ongoing pressure on pricing and
margins.

63



Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Artificial Intelligence

Communication services

Author: Kevin Dennean (US strategist)

What does generative AI mean for the sector?

Generative AI brings varying opportunities across the different industry
groups within the communication services sector. Interactive media
companies are already capitalizing on generative AI to drive user engagement
and advertising revenue. We see this group as a continued beneficiary over
the next few years. In contrast, we see generative AI as a modest headwind
for the media and entertainment industry. The potential cost savings brought
about by this new technology will likely be offset by further viewership and
engagement headwinds. Lastly, we see generative AI as largely neutral for
telecom companies.

What are the new AI revenue opportunities?

Internet companies may see higher levels of engagement that can be
monetized through advertising. Entertainment companies may see mixed
trends—AI could help create compelling new content, but generative AI may
further "democratize" content creation and serve as an additional headwind
for media and entertainment companies. Media companies will likely see
further cannibalization of traditional publications by online content. Lastly, we
don't see AI as a major impact on demand for telecoms, which are dominated
by consumer wireless firms and are unlikely to see a material revenue driver.

64



Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Artificial Intelligence

Which areas may see productivity gains?

We see generative AI as mildly positive for AI sector margins. Internet
companies already leverage AI to a large degree and enjoy high margins,
so margin gains from here will likely be modest. Media and entertainment
companies may see some cost savings from AI-generated content, but those
cost savings are likely to be balanced by lower revenue. Telecom companies
may see some margin upside from the use of generative AI in customer care.

What are the impacts on industry structure?

We don’t expect a significant impact on the structure of industries within
the communication services sector. The internet industry is already highly
concentrated, but it may benefit from further scale effects. Generative AI may
lower the barriers to entry for media and entertainment, in keeping with the
adoption of Web 2.0 and the internet. The telecom industry is already an
oligopoly, a structure that is unlikely to change from AI.

What is the upside/downside potential for the sector if the benefits/
risks of AI are fully realized?

On balance, the communication services sector should be a modest
beneficiary of widespread generative AI adoption. We see this emerging
technology as broadly positive for the internet industry, which accounts
for most of the sector’s revenue, profit, and market capitalization. Media
and entertainment companies could see some headwinds (fundamental and
valuation), but the impact should be limited given the industry’s relatively
small contribution to the overall sector.

DJ is a new feature that utilizes users’ data in an artificial intelligence
recommender engine to create compelling playlists tailored to individual
users. Additionally, DJ’s generative AI capability creates commentary about
the recommended artists and songs, delivered in a realistic human voice.
Lastly, users can shift moods and therefore the recommended music with a
click of an icon. Users benefit from a more dynamic and interesting music
experience, along with the discovery of content and information they may
never have come across otherwise.

Consumer staples

Authors: Seraina Hold, Carsten Schlufter, Sunny Mehra (US strategist)

65



Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Artificial Intelligence

What are the key areas of productivity gains from AI?

At this point in time, we see the main areas of productivity gains for consumer
staples companies in making production more efficient, sales planning, and
optimizing supply chains. AI can help track inventory levels, predict demand
spikes, and improve shipment routes, thus minimizing waste and optimizing
logistics. This can lead to reduced transportation costs, streamlined inventory
management, and improved delivery times. Furthermore, AI-powered quality
control mechanisms allow for real-time monitoring of production processes
and ensure consistent product quality. AI is also set to automate repetitive
tasks. This, coupled with better integrated systems, should result in cost
reductions and improved overall efficiency.

AI is already improving overall operations and inventory management for
many companies. The French retailer Carrefour, for instance, leverages AI to
predict demand more accurately by key category, thereby ensuring efficient
resource allocation, reducing excess inventory, and mitigating food waste.
With the use of AI, the company said it optimized the shelf stacking in
its bakeries and thereby saved 5 million croissants within a year. Beverage
companies, such as Heineken and Coca-Cola European Partners, use AI to
improve the route to market. Unilever uses AI to optimize its design and
manufacturing processes through virtual simulations, automated workflows,
and data-led decision making.

What are the new revenue opportunities based on AI?

The use of AI across the sector allows companies to better understand
consumer behavior and to cater to changing consumer needs and
preferences. We believe that this opens new revenue opportunities through
better connectivity with consumers and better and faster product innovation.
Personalized marketing initiatives, driven by AI algorithms, enable companies
to target specific customer segments with more effective and tailored
promotions and advertising campaigns. Moreover, better insights into
consumer preferences and market trends help companies identify emerging
opportunities and evolving consumer needs and come up with more
personalized and more relevant product innovation. This is set to boost
customer satisfaction and loyalty. For food retailers, we believe the main
revenue opportunity of integrating AI lies in retail media. Retail media is linked
to the ability to deal with huge amounts of first-party data that the grocers

66



Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Artificial Intelligence

collect (through loyalty programs) and can monetize through advertising or
marketing campaigns.

Nestlé uses AI to analyze social media, online publications, and other web
sources. This accelerates the creation of new ideas or trends that can
be translated into product innovations. One example of such innovation
is “Petivity,” Nestlé's product ecosystem to help improve cat health. The
ecosystem includes a smart litterbox that can track changes in urination,
defecation, and weight patterns. Petivity can identify an increased risk
of developing conditions such as kidney disease, urinary tract infections,
or obesity and can then provide expert advice to pet owners, including
recommendations for veterinarian visits when relevant. Walmart is using AI
for customer search on its app, improving the customer experience and
potentially generating higher sales. For an event or occasion, this allows
customers to be given a customized solution consisting of multiple products,
together saving the customer time and improving their overall experience.
L’Oréal, too, has been investing in new technologies for many years.
The company, for instance, developed an AI-powered make-up applicator
designed specifically for consumers with limited mobility (“HAPTA”) and
an AI-powered beauty advisor that gives personalized advice to consumers
(“Beauty Genius”).

Conclusion – keeping up to stay relevant

Looking ahead, we believe that leveraging AI and digital tools broadly will
be key to remain competitive in the consumer staples space. Doing so not
only allows companies to develop better-resonating products, but also helps
them produce products at a lower cost. We believe that early adopters and
businesses with robust data collection and analysis practices stand to benefit
most, while companies that are clinging to outdated methods risk falling
behind. Companies that do not have strong digital capabilities will need
to materially step-up reinvestments, in our view, which can curtail margin
ambitions.

Energy

Authors: Rudolf Leemann, James Dobson (US strategist), Alexander Calvert
(US strategist)

What does generative AI mean for the sector?

The energy sector should see a slight positive benefit from the adoption
of generative AI across the global economy. Most of the benefits should
come from operational and cost efficiencies across this complex industry
(see third question below). Additionally, revenues could come indirectly
from increasing energy demand for AI datacenters. Importantly, though
the potential operational cost benefits for the energy industry may be
widespread, the revenue benefits are likely to be regionally disparate driven
by the location of AI datacenters. In the US, AI datacenters are already driving
up electricity demand growth expectations. This is occurring in regions with
available electricity supply and reasonable electricity prices. Some of this

67



Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Artificial Intelligence

electricity demand will be met with renewables, but some will also be met
with fossil fuels, primarily natural gas.

What are the new AI revenue opportunities?

Most of the revenue opportunities from AI for the energy industry will likely
be indirect, resulting from increasing energy demand for datacenters. This
should prove true for the energy subsectors of exploration and production
and integrated oil, as well as independent refining. According to the US
Energy Information Administration (EIA), an internet search using AI can use
up to 10 times the amount of electricity relative to a more traditional internet
search.20 AI’s increasing demand for energy, primarily electricity, should drive
more electricity generation using natural gas.

The energy equipment and services subsector could see greater revenue
opportunity as AI takes on a bigger role in exploration and production
services, which are partially or entirely outsourced by energy companies to
field services companies. The largest of these companies are aggressively
adding AI capabilities to their digital offerings, which could improve
operational performance and add pricing power and revenue potential to
the oil field services sector. These AI services could be applied to subsurface
geologic analysis, well design, and production efficiencies, among other
things.

Which areas may see productivity gains?

Given that the energy industry is complex—including the exploration,
production, processing, and refining of raw hydrocarbons; heating and
transforming hydrocarbons into useful products; and organizing complex
logistics around global supply chains, intricate manufacturing systems, and
customer delivery—we see many applications for AI that could improve
operating efficiency and reduce operating costs for the energy industry.
Improving efficiency and lowering costs are the primary benefits for the
energy industry from AI, in our opinion.

What are the potential challenges of AI integration?

The energy industry is used to managing complexity and is embracing AI
to help it. Hence, we think the challenges of AI integration for the energy
industry are limited. Any challenges to AI integration would simply slow the
capture and realization of potential operational efficiencies and cost benefits.

To what extent is AI disruptive for the sector?

The application of AI could help improve energy efficiency and advance the
development of alternative sources of energy. Such applications will likely
take several years to come about, but at the margin, AI could accelerate
the evolution of the global energy system toward energy sources with lower
carbon intensity.

68



Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Artificial Intelligence

Financials

Authors: Sacha Holderegger, Thomas Parmentier, Bradley Ball (US strategist)

What does generative AI mean for the sector?

Financials are likely one of the sectors with the largest cost opportunities,
given that IT and personnel account for a major part of the overall cost
base. Accenture estimates that more than two-thirds of workers in the US
financial sector are deployed in functions that have a high potential for
automation and augmentation. A reduction of 10% in bank personnel costs,
for example, would on average improve return-on-equity by about 100 basis
points, according to S&P Global Ratings (based on Global Top 200 rated
banks). However, we do not expect AI to widely replace humans in the
financial sector in the near term but rather support them by enhancing
productivity.

Within the sector, we expect a wide discrepancy of impact between
companies depending on scale, profitability, and their “digital” starting
point, as companies will need to adjust their business models through
controlled self-disruption of their legacy IT structure. Regionally, North
American financials are leading in terms of AI adoption, while European
and Japanese counterparts are ramping up investments. Artificial intelligence
also holds the promise of facilitating credit access for the underbanked and
the unbanked with no credit history, by capturing insights from alternative
sources of data to generate credit scores for these individuals.

What are the new AI revenue opportunities?

69



Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Artificial Intelligence

Revenue opportunities result primarily from enhanced client interaction, new
product development, and market expansion. We think this should especially
benefit corporate and retail banks. With AI-driven chatbots and virtual
assistants providing 24/7 support, customers can receive tailored financial
advice and product recommendations to individual client needs, potentially
increasing cross-selling and upselling opportunities. In the insurance sector,
AI-driven analysis can help insurers assess risk, detect fraud, and reduce
broker distribution fees. It could also help accelerate the development of
innovative products and services by identifying emerging trends and customer
needs through data analysis, and better serve underserved client segments at
lower costs. However, competition could increase as some barriers to entry
are lowered. This may cause some of the new volume benefits to be priced
out as margins come under pressure.

Which areas may see productivity gains?

We see productivity gains as the main benefit from adopting genAI in the
financial sector. AI can automate routine and manual tasks such as transaction
processing; it could also handle customer inquiries, offer better pricing, help
with compliance checks, enhance decision-making processes, and streamline
middle- and back-office operations. In risk management, AI models could
enhance fraud detection and credit risk assessment by analyzing vast
amounts of data in real-time, improve decision accuracy, reduce losses, and
improve loss prevention for insurers. In compliance, AI could streamline the
compliance process by monitoring transactions for suspicious activities and
ensuring regulatory reports are accurate and submitted on time, reducing the
risk of fines. Finally, a key productivity benefit of AI may be realized in the time
freed up for financial firm managements to focus on more meaningful tasks.

70



Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Artificial Intelligence

What are the potential challenges and how may regulation impact AI
integration?

There are significant challenges to AI integration, including the prevalence of
legacy technology in many companies (mainframe legacy IT infrastructure and
data silos), the ability and cultural change to move to a tech-led organization,
as well as the need to comprehensively explain how certain outputs are
generated by AI. Competition from disruptors (fintech) is a threat to the
current incumbents, and new competitors can launch reasonably quickly
as barriers to entry into certain markets are low (e.g., personal finance,
motor insurance). A deep learning neural network like an LLM is not easily
comprehensible, which could be viewed with suspicion (i.e., a black box)
by clients, employees, and regulators and might pose a problem when
questioned by a court. This could increase the risk of fines and regulatory
problems for financial companies.

To what extent is AI disruptive for the sector?

The impact of AI on the financial sector is multifaceted, touching upon
technological, regulatory, and operational aspects. We expect it to be highly

71



Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Artificial Intelligence

disruptive, capable of transforming business models, customer interactions,
and internal operations. Large and capital-accretive business models are likely
to have a competitive advantage when it comes to making the necessary
investments in new technology. Conversely, companies that lack the ability to
invest will lag in adopting AI and risk falling behind due to inefficiencies and
outdated service models. This might drive further consolidation in the sector.

Healthcare

Authors: Lachlan Towart, Eric Potoker (US strategist)

What is the role of AI in drug research?

We explored the scope for AI to improve the drug development process
in more detail in our report “TechGPT: Underpenetrated opportunities in
healthtech and ASEAN new economy” (3 August 2023). In brief, two
hoped-for goals are to shorten the drug discovery cycle and to improve the
discovery-through-FDA-approval success rate. While biopharma companies
are increasingly discussing generative AI’s role in their R&D process, tangible
signs that these goals are achievable remain limited.

DeepMind’s AlphaFold has garnered some attention for its ability to predict
the 3D structure of folded proteins, which could potentially help identify
promising drug candidates to progress into clinical trials. If more molecules
can be screened and eliminated earlier in the discovery process, it would
lead to higher-quality molecules heading into the clinical trial funnel and
presumably reaching the market. What that higher quality looks like—
more broadly effective, cheaper, fewer side effects, or potentially more
personalized—remains a series of guesses.

These approaches have yet to yield a significant increase in the number of
viable drug candidates. The limited number of drugs advanced into clinical
trials by companies with custom-built AI-driven drug discovery platforms have
yet to generate published data with which to assess their clinical utility.

More prosaically, biopharma companies have adopted AI to drive efficiencies
in their R&D operations—for example, speeding up patient recruitment
processes or shortening the time required for regulatory interactions. But this
does not represent a step-change in productivity, in our view.

If AI becomes a standard research tool in the pharma industry, we expect
its costs to be absorbed within existing R&D budgets (broadly, 15–20% of
sales for most established pharma companies). One potential implication is a
shift in the benefit of scale in the industry. Currently, most observers agree
that returns on pharma R&D do not scale well. But if generative AI can drive
significant efficiency benefits, it would likely favor larger players with more
budget to spend on technology. For example, Johnson & Johnson has said
it has hired 6,000 employees for data analysis. However, given the 10–15-
year drug development cycle, any changes for the industry, or even individual
companies, will take years to play out or even to become visible in larger
companies’ pipelines.

72



Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Artificial Intelligence

Can AI open up new revenue opportunities in healthcare?

Even if a more efficient drug R&D process can be developed/enhanced with
AI, it is unlikely to lead to significant new revenue opportunities at an industry
level. While drug costs are only 10–15% of healthcare spending, the market’s
growth is generally constrained by payer budgets and pricing power is weak.
AI is unlikely to change this.

Similarly, specific AI-linked opportunities in most other healthcare subsectors
are also hard to identify. One area of promise is healthcare services. Today,
healthcare provision is quite inefficient, care is delivered inconsistently across
providers, and quality remains an issue. GenAI should facilitate better use
of data to determine individualized patient diagnoses, provide treatment
algorithms, improve quality of care and outcomes, and reduce cost (see our
series of reports on Longer-Term Investments: Healthtech). Many companies
have emerged to tackle these problems over recent years, although their
presence among listed equities remains limited.

One question is, who will ultimately benefit? It is likely that over time
any benefits from reduced cost would accrue to payers (government and
employers), although some could filter down in the form of wages (lower
employee insurance premiums), additional benefits, or even lower taxes
(lower than they might otherwise be, not necessarily lower on an absolute
basis) depending on the structure of healthcare funding in various countries.

Medtech companies have been incorporating technology, including AI, into
their products for several years (e.g., reading diagnostic images). Thus far, the
industry has seen little aggregate pricing benefit for its effort. The potential
to collect more patient data and use genAI to interpret that data in real time
could help to support providers’ attempts to achieve faster and more accurate
diagnoses, improving the utility of devices. Again, however, the extent to
which these add-ons will drive incremental revenues for the industry as a
whole, rather than driving competitive shifts within it, remains unclear.

Impact on pricing power/industry structure?

To the extent genAI eventually leads to more effective and more targeted
therapies, the price per person treated could increase as specific medicines are
better targeted for those patients who would benefit, while patients who do
not benefit would be screened out before receiving that same medicine. The
idea of value-based pricing—drug companies going “at-risk” for the benefits
of their therapies on a patient or a population basis—could be facilitated with
more personalized medicine, which itself could eventually be a result of more
precise research tools and drug development, such as genAI. Such a change
could lower the aggregate industry volume, as a higher per patient price is
offset by lower volume.

The broader risk is if genAI truly democratizes biopharma R&D, reducing
competitive moats, shortening product lifespans, and ultimately lowering
terminal growth rates and values.

Barriers to adoption?

73



Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Artificial Intelligence

In terms of barriers to AI adoption in healthcare, it is already a highly regulated
industry. In the US, for example, HIPAA limits use of patient generated
data. Control over patient data remains an open question. In addition,
regulators could increasingly view the aggregation of data from an anti-trust/
competition perspective, not wanting data to be aggregated and controlled
by a small subset of industry players.

Conclusion

While overall the sector is unlikely to be an early beneficiary of generative AI,
we think this is broadly understood by investors and see little current value
ascribed to most large-cap healthcare stocks, and in particular to drug stocks,
for their nascent AI efforts. For investors to ascribe durable platform value
over and above the value of the drugs in the pipeline, companies must deliver
proof that AI-driven R&D can deliver clinical trial outcomes superior to those
of traditional research, in our view.

Industrials

Authors: Alexander Stiehler, Nathaniel Gabriel (US strategist)

The industrials sector combines a wide range of industries, from airlines to
automation equipment, ships to HR recruitment firms, and the aerospace and
defense industry, to name a few. Therefore, the impact of AI will affect the
industries within the sector differently. But a general conclusion is that the
industrial sector comprises some of the most innovative industries and that AI
will find its way in many business models, either supporting their topline with
new product innovation or bottom line through reduced costs. Overall, we
expect the impact on the sector to be positive. In our analysis below, we focus
on the most relevant subsectors where AI could have the biggest impact.

74



Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Artificial Intelligence

Capital goods sector

In the capital goods sector, companies have made use of AI for many years to
process reams of data generated from equipment with embedded sensors,
predict maintenance intervals, operate “digital twins” of high-use assets,
and optimize manufacturing processes. These applications have enabled
higher factory uptime and reliability for customers, with the additional value
shared between the user and equipment provider. We believe there is more
runway for AI-driven data analytics to facilitate further improvements in
customer outcomes, as well as develop new products with compelling value
propositions. One example is John Deere’s See & Spray technology, which is
a crop sprayer that can attach to an autonomous tractor and uses mounted
cameras and machine learning to spray herbicides precisely where weeds are
detected, reportedly reducing herbicide use by 77%. Other examples include
robots where embedded AI helps on several fronts; with generative AI, for
instance, they can be more easily installed and adjusted for new applications
with natural language instead of needing specialized programming skills.
Like other applications, robots will also have predictive maintenance to avoid
downtimes, which is very important in mass manufacturing. The embedded
AI could also help robots make autonomous decisions and interact more
naturally in their area.

The next leg of development is likely to streamline internal productivity in
areas such as back-office tasks, paperwork, and product design. As with the
advent of enterprise resource planning systems, we would expect new costs
to set up and validate AI-related infrastructure, a learning curve to understand
which tasks are best suited, a period of margin expansion, and ultimately, the
benefits to be competed away through sector-wide adoption of tools.

One application where industrial firms benefit already today is data center
infrastructure spending. Several industrial firms globally have exposure to
this sector, where AI plays an important role for new data center spending.
UBS expects 15–20% growth in data center equipment demand for electrical
firms in 2024/25 and 10–15% in the medium term. The data center value
chain is split into three parts: 1) the grey space, including power-related
equipment (e.g., back-up/generator, uninterruptable power supply) and low-
and-medium voltage equipment (e.g., switchgears, distribution transformers,
filters); 2) the white space, otherwise known as the server room (e.g.,
PDUs, racks, cords, connectivity equipment); and 3) auxiliary, including the
management (e.g., power, thermal, cable) and cooling (e.g., HVAC [heating,
ventilation, and air conditioning], air, liquid).

In sum, we expect the impact of AI to be positive for the sector. We think it
will create opportunities for higher sales through more value-added products
for their customers, and on the cost side, it should help firms to improve
processes.

75



Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Artificial Intelligence

Aerospace and defense (A&D)

The A&D sector belongs to the most innovative industries with high-tech
applications across their product groups. We see several angles why AI
should improve the offering and reduce costs. In the defense sector, for
instance, we expect AI features to be included in drone programs and other
autonomous technologies and to feature in testing, simulation, and training
of combat groups (land, air, sea, space; e.g., BAE System's OdySSEy synthetic
training environment) or pilots (commercial and defense). The importance
of AI development is reflected in the US Department of Defense’s spending
on AI, which grew at a 95% CAGR from 2019–2023)—whereas the overall
budget grew only 5%. For the commercial aerospace sector, partially or fully
autonomous aircraft could be an option longer term, which would likely
materially reduce labor costs for airlines. Other AI cost reduction initiatives
include predictive analytics to optimize maintenance and repair. AI could
also help with product innovation—e.g., to develop lighter components for
aircraft with 3D printers, a tool that is already heavily used by manufacturers.
We expect a small positive impact overall on topline and bottom line for the
industry in the near term, but our view on the industry is very constructive
over the medium term. We expect a strong pick-up in defense spending by
NATO countries after years of underspending, and the commercial aerospace
sector is still in the post-COVID recovery and ramp-up phase. Thus, we see
attractive investment opportunities across the A&D sector.

76



Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Artificial Intelligence

Professional services

The support services sector is one of the subsectors where companies could
be disrupted most. Many business models are based on outsourcing activities
of low-paid jobs. The average labor-cost-to-sales ratio is around 47% (ratio of
the largest equity listed firms in Europe). AI will most likely lead to a material
reduction of the workforce. AI will also have an impact on pricing. As cost
savings may be shared with their customers, it could have a deflationary
impact for this industry as other technical advancements had in the past.
Companies that can't cut costs fast enough will likely feel the pressure on
their operating margin.

Most disrupted could be the call-center industry. Already today, thousands
of chatbots communicate with customers; AI will accelerate this trend as
bots become smarter. The world market leader, Teleperformance, already
uses AI tools to filter 95% of the content moderation. On the other hand,
AI can also create new business opportunities—as their customers have
higher incentives to outsource labor-intensive services to companies with
professional AI chatbots and automated decision-making.

The credit bureau industry will also likely benefit from this development.
The vast amounts of data collected could be used for even more automated
decisions (e.g., credit scoring) or in their internal credit risk models. The
staffing industry (recruitment platforms) may integrate AI models in their
candidate-matching process and use it for job description writing. We expect
that the overall impact for the industry will be positive. Notably, the industry
has evolved in the past with new technological advancements.

Transportation

The sector contains several subsectors with different business models and
dynamics. In the logistics industry, AI could become an important tool to
improve costs through better fleet management (e.g., route planning and
fleet optimization, both of which would save fuel costs), better matching of
freight (supply/demand), and improving the efficiency of back-office tasks

77



Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Artificial Intelligence

(e.g., custom clearance). For parcel delivery, AI can streamline the flow and
fluidity of packages delivered through sorting facilities and network hubs
while reducing error and reloading rates. Among railroads, the technology
can be used to optimize railcar and container switching as well as to screen
equipment and prevent safety issues. Airlines can reduce costs significantly
by optimizing flights on the fly as congestion or weather develops or through
better forecasting capacity. Also, on the customer experience side, AI could
help to better personalize the customer journey throughout the booking
process and on the flight (e.g., more tailored entertainment).

In addition, a crucial part of any transportation business model is customer
service. Shippers rely on real-time updates on the status, location, and delivery
estimates of their cargo to facilitate their own operations. With AI and LLMs,
shippers could proactively synthesize data regarding network performance
and asset location to keep customers apprised of changes or to respond to
inbound inquiries that, at present, require a human to investigate and reply.

We see the industry impact as mildly positive, as firms could achieve better
pricing through a more dynamic process than in the past. Combined with
the cost saving opportunities, we see the industry as among the longer-term
beneficiaries of AI applications.

Construction sector

The construction sector has one main difference compared to the other
industrial subsectors: Standardization is much more difficult, as residential
and commercial dwellings are of different shapes and sizes. AI offers the
potential to improve productivity, which hasn’t improved much for the sector
in the past decades due to the uniqueness of buildings. Building design and
building information technology (BIM) are both opportunities, where the
introduction of AI could improve the efficiency of architects and engineers; AI
may also help for 3D modeling. Like the other subsectors, other cost-saving
opportunities could be found via predictive maintenance of construction
equipment and reduced back-office costs through implementation of AI tools
and automated processes. In terms of revenues, we think AI will have an
overall neutral impact on the short to medium term, with some cost saving
potential and improved efficiency longer term.

Information technology

Authors: Kevin Dennean (US strategist), Achille Monnet

What does generative AI mean for the sector?

We believe generative AI is the tech theme of the decade and at the moment,
information technology offers the best exposure to the trend. Despite long-
term disruption risks for the lower-margin hardware and IT services industries
within the IT sector, strong potential upside for the higher-margin software
and semiconductor industries from genAI puts the sector in a sweet spot,
in our view. In particular, we believe the US IT sector has a strong first-
mover advantage in genAI with above-average growth prospects—hence our
most preferred view at the moment. That being said, broadening AI trends

78



Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Artificial Intelligence

should eventually benefit companies outside the US—particularly companies
exposed to the AI supply chain in Asia and Europe. In summary, AI should
provide a strong tailwind for the global IT sector during the next few years,
driving mid-single-digit percentage earnings growth prospects.

79



Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Artificial Intelligence

What are the new semiconductor AI opportunities?

The strong rally in semiconductors over the past year has made it the
largest industry within global IT. For semiconductors, AI has pulled forward
a significant expected investment cycle into computing power—especially
spending on GPUs, whose parallel processing is a key enabler of AI training
and inferencing. We continue to see a long runway for AI compute as
hyperscalers, enterprises, and sovereigns all invest in their AI computing
infrastructure—benefiting logic semiconductors, one of the largest sub-
segments within semiconductors. Elsewhere, we see good secondary
benefits accruing to leading-edge foundries, back-end packing, and other
semiconductor fields like memory. Memory seems particularly interesting
to us, as the advent of high-bandwidth memory (HBM), which is “semi-
customized” to the base GPU die it sits atop, implies a slight market change.
Finally, with industry fundamentals likely close to a bottom, we think the
semiconductor equipment industry’s growth is set for a strong rebound over
the next few years fueled by AI-driven spending, including surging demand
for the edge-AI computing segment.

What are the new software AI opportunities?

Artificial intelligence fundamentally changes software. It changes the entire
value chain from how software is produced to how end users interact with
software platforms. We expect significant value to accrue to the software
layer of the computing stack and forecast a USD 395bn AI applications
end market by 2027. Due to AI’s ubiquitous applicability to software, we
believe the applications layer of the stack should see more disruptive pressure
than the infrastructure side. Foundational models from the largest tech
incumbents serve as “AI foundries,” and these models unlock new use cases
and value propositions. Today, we group the opportunities in A16’s three Cs
framework (copilots, companionship, and creative). Moreover, data is a key
differentiating advantage, as access to high-quality labeled data enables more
effective foundational training or fine-tuning. We believe this advantages the
largest platforms with the most entrenchment. Overall, we see software as a
medium-term beneficiary of generative AI, driven by increased monetization
and recent price increases in software.

What are the new hardware and IT services AI opportunities?

As software and semiconductor firms derive incremental value in the
generative AI era, lower-margin industries like hardware and IT services are
at risk of disruption in the long term. However, in the near term, the benefits
outweigh the risks, in our view, as genAI could trigger a new hardware refresh
cycle through AI edge-computing features in consumer applications like PCs
and smartphones. While IT services companies are also at risk from genAI in
the long term—as many functions like coding and testing can be automated
—we still see near-term opportunities for IT companies from integrating
genAI and from other consulting opportunities.

80



Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Artificial Intelligence

Luxury/retail

Authors: Thomas Parmentier, Sunny Mehra (US strategist)

What does generative AI mean for the sector?

Within the consumer sector, particularly in luxury, there are some hurdles
to digitalization due to the focus on tailored client engagements,
artisanal craftsmanship to create premium products, and the emotional
connection associated with luxury goods. While genAI won’t replace human
relationships, it may play a role in enhancing the consumer journey
and managing the supply chain. Its disruptive impact will likely be more
pronounced in online retail due to higher competition and lower consumer
fidelity. In the meantime, it can also help to improve traceability and
authenticity, both of which are often appreciated by a new generation of
consumers eager to know how, in what conditions, and where a product was
made.

What are the new AI revenue opportunities?

81



Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Artificial Intelligence

We see opportunities throughout the luxury and retail value chain, primarily
centered on enhancing the consumer experience. Leveraging individual
profiles through AI agents and self-service alternatives offer the potential
to meet the increasingly sophisticated needs of consumers. Despite their
limitations, AI bots can have meaningful conversations, provide personalized
fashion recommendations post-shop visits, train the sales team, and
analyze online consumer behavior and real-time interactions. Generative
AI holds promise for luxury brands, particularly in initiatives aiming at
cultivating a special relationship with the top-end consumer through hyper-
personalization and anticipating needs. Moreover, in the realm of retail, genAI
could offer invaluable insights for trend forecasting. This could help brands
keep pace in a world of “fast fashion” where trends change extremely
quickly based on the flavor of the day and driven by social media. GenAI
should further the ability of brands with more direct-to-consumer channels
to accelerate their personalization, increase suggestive selling, and improve
relationships with the customer. On the other hand, it could hinder mid-tier
retailers that count on brands to drive their traffic (e.g., department stores).
Very large retailers with reams of customer data will harness that information
to make the customer experience more seamless, potentially gaining even
more market share.

Which areas may see productivity gains?

Generative AI offers potential in several areas for consumer brands.
First, cost control—for example, luxury brands can employ generative AI
to pinpoint cost-saving opportunities across operations, such as refining
marketing expenses by tailoring campaigns based on customer purchases
and behaviors. It could improve operating expenses with a better managed

82



Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Artificial Intelligence

marketing budget and have less “shoot in the dark” expenses. Second,
better forecasting—by leveraging genAI to analyze new trends, retailers can
enhance demand prediction accuracy. Third, inventory optimization can help
mitigate stock issues and fine-tune production. Fourth, AI can also help
optimize resources in enhancing efficiency by minimizing waste in the supply
chain and advancing sustainability efforts. Access to a large set of client
databases will remain key. Most large retailers can use AI in this way as well,
along with brands with large direct-to-consumer businesses.

What are the potential challenges of AI integration?

We see several challenges for the sector, especially around privacy. By
analyzing extensive datasets, generative algorithms possess the capability
to extract personal information from consumers. The sector collects and
stores consumer data and without careful handling, genAI could compromise
the privacy of this data, raising concerns about unauthorized access and
regulators might want to intervene to limit their usage. To fully leverage the
value of genAI and capitalize on new opportunities, the luxury sector must
ensure it possesses the proper digital talents and foster a culture to act based
on the insights gained. The disruptive nature of genAI could necessitate a new
way of doing things, especially in an environment where consumer demands
are evolving and the consumer journey is becoming more complicated with
more touch points. Such changes might be difficult to push through in a
conservative industry like luxury. The retail industry is more flexible in that
regard, as it has less pricing power and must adapt faster.

To what extent is AI disruptive for the sector?

Generative AI should have a limited impact on the luxury industry. Any
effect would likely be felt through an enhanced consumer journey, as the
number of points of contact with a firm has exponentially increased with new
generations (gen Z/millennials) and digitalization, and through reduced costs.
AI can also help in verifying the authenticity of items and tracing through
their supply chains. It could therefore be used to help to identify responsible
sourcing or counterfeit goods. For the same reason, blockchain has been an
area where brands have invested lately. We could see a bigger impact in online
retail, as this industry does not have the same pricing power and barriers
to entry as the luxury market. Digital laggards could see lower revenues, as
they would lag the latest trends in a world moving faster every day. The
large retailers should be able to employ AI to optimize costs faster than the
smaller players. Thus, it will likely benefit the bigger players with the resources
and direct customer data—potentially further concentrating market shares in
various parts of retail.

83



Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Artificial Intelligence

Materials

Authors: Nathaniel Gabriel (US strategist), Rudolf Leemann

The materials sector is comprised primarily of companies that produce and
process raw or intermediate materials. On the whole, we think the impact of
AI will be marginal for revenues and modestly positive for cost productivity,
though benefits could be competed away relatively quickly in commoditized
end markets.

84



Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Artificial Intelligence

Chemicals

We think there will be a neutral effect broadly on the chemicals subsector.
Several chemical companies already use AI to streamline prototyping and
production processes, but its sophistication and use cases could improve
further. This may decrease research and manufacturing costs for a time, but
structural gains could be limited as industry players jockey for market share.
The largest participants are most likely to benefit from their greater scale and
lower cost bases.

Downstream companies, such as those in agricultural or consumer chemicals,
could utilize AI to identify promising chemical compounds. Nonetheless, this
is more likely to shift market share than move the needle on aggregate
demand, and we expect little impact on industry revenues.

Metals & mining

We expect the impact on the metals and mining space to be largely
neutral, as the commoditized nature of the product likely limits structural
industry improvement. In the interim, however, some companies may benefit
from new tools to identify and model commodity resources or advances in
autonomous machinery. In one example, copper miner Freeport McMoRan is
working with Caterpillar to fully automate haulage equipment at its Arizona
mine, which it hopes will reduce idle time and safety risks to personnel.

That said, the requisite investments in computing infrastructure to facilitate
the use of AI may accelerate demand for metals such as copper and
aluminum. Moreover, development of these resources has been relatively
subdued, and the industry is likely underinvesting, which could support a
stronger upcycle as supply catches up to future demand.

85



Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Artificial Intelligence

Real estate

Authors: Thomas Veraguth, Jonathan Woloshin (US strategist)

From a landlord perspective, opportunities abound for the use of AI in
real estate. But (un)known risks and cost considerations make it likely that
implementation will be gradual.

Beneficiaries, beyond the obvious

Big beneficiaries of the AI boom are data centers. AI needs a high capacity
of data to improve processes. This generates more data, which is mostly
saved on a cloud and consume the computing power of the data centers.
The demand for the data center service should therefore increase steadily.
Furthermore, data centers are very challenging to manage, as there are only a
few sufficiently qualified personnel who are familiar with this area. Likewise,
the creation of a data center is very difficult and was recently hindered by
delivery delays and regulation or the delivery of building permits.

Also, AI is increasingly being used in data centers for efficient operations and
for power and cooling systems. However, the technology is not advanced
enough yet to replace staff, and most operators believe it will take years
before AI allows data centers to reduce staffing levels.

Overall, it is too early—beyond the obvious with data centers and towers—to
determine which real estate subsectors—industrial & logistics, self-storage,
single family, apartment, student housing, healthcare and medical properties,
shopping centers, or retail and offices—will benefit the most. Real estate
activities will likely be only indirectly impacted over the long term, and it is
difficult to understand how AI may at all significantly change things. Within
real estate, investment costs and supply and demand will still matter much
more than any proptech/AI applications, in our view.

Companies (landlords and or tenants) that must manage rapid flows
of products or customers (logistics, retail, self-storage) may try to more
rapidly implement new AI solutions than those that face more stable

86



Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Artificial Intelligence

businesses (residential, healthcare, offices). Hence, AI applications and the
implementation will likely evolve differently depending on subsectors and
specific needs.

87



Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Artificial Intelligence

More about future opportunities:

Promotion

Other applications include writing marketing letters or real estate prospects.
By entering the basic data, an AI system can produce a comprehensive
text aimed at convincing prospective buyers of the property. Another
advantage of AI is that it knows the relevant keywords and incorporates them
appropriately into the text. In this way, the real estate company receives more
views of the advertised properties. However, this may lead to conflicts with
copyrights and responsibilities of the authors.

In concurrence or addition to the existing “proptech”

Very significant for the real estate industry is the dynamic between
blockchain technologies and artificial intelligence. One possible area of
application is smart contracts in facility management. These can help
property management companies automate administrative activities while
maintaining transparency across all processes and legal entities. These
processes have been in place for a few years and are known as “proptech.” AI
will therefore likely need to be integrated into proptech applications already
in place within property management. This ends up as being a question of
comparative costs and advantages.

This is another reason why AI applications are likely only to progress gradually
in the existing systems that have proven to increase productivity. We expect
companies to continue to use proptech and AI to grow the business rather
than to shrink manpower. CoStar—a supplier of real estate information and
platforms for brokers—is a good example of a company that uses technology
to gain market share. This shows that companies that rapidly/continuously
explore opportunities within proptech/AI could have a market advantage
under the condition that these innovations help save costs and grow the
business.

Landlords have increased and improved their offerings by building data
analysis systems for years, and they will likely continue to do so in the years
ahead. Companies are already facing issues over private data, copyrights, and
sources of information. For the real estate sector, we hence expect the gap
between fantasy and reality to grow—not to diminish.

Will office demand grow in geographies that enjoy proptech/AI
boom?

The demand for offices in suburbs where AI technologies are developed is
already increasing because the AI development teams need more space. As
we have highlighted, it is so far unlikely in the foreseeable future that AI will
reduce space demand by tenants. It remains to be seen, but according to
the companies we are in contact with, there is no real evidence that AI may
accelerate the work-from-home trend and thus reduce office demand in the
foreseeable future.

88



Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Artificial Intelligence

Impact on jobs

We do not expect to see any major effects on labor in the years ahead. We
believe companies will look at their market share and use proptech/AI to grow
their business, requiring more staff (not less) in the initial stage at least. The
evidence from the companies seems to confirm this. It will also take time
to better understand all the implications around copy/property rights and in
regard to responsibilities/liabilities in the business operations. And ultimately,
AI must find its way as an extension of existing proptech solutions in terms
of efficiency (benefit/cost relation).

Market predictions, companies’ strategy

Overall, big companies are set to implement AI in their operations or strategic
planning. Prologis, as an example, may develop tools for forecasting demand
flows within markets to adapt their footprint in strong regional markets.
We understand that not only landlords but also tenants will optimize their
location based on the analysis of their customers’ base. It remains to be
seen if AI alone will really bring enough added value compared to existing
systems. This is why landlords and tenants are using AI—more and more—
in addition to existing systems, not to replace them. We hence expect AI to
be an evolution rather than a revolution.

Utilities

Authors: Carsten Schlufter, James Dobson (US strategist), Alexander Calvert
(US strategist)

What does generative AI mean for the sector?

The rising use of AI and datacenters should drive a significant increase in
demand for electricity to power AI computing and facility cooling, among
other things. AI data centers require large amounts of electricity, in some
cases three to eight times the amount of a traditional datacenter. Across
a market like the US, this could add 2–5% to annual electricity demand
growth but will vary by region30. Though 2–5% sounds like a small impact,
this is already driving electricity demand growth in a sector that has not
seen material annual demand growth in well over three decades. This should
boost capital investment for additional electricity generation, transmission,
and distribution infrastructure. However, given the regulated nature of the

89



Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Artificial Intelligence

electric utility industry, the potential benefit from rising demand will likely be
more limited.

Utilities are often regulated based on an allowed return on investment.
Therefore, rising capital spending should drive a modest earnings benefit
from AI thanks to increased revenues from adding new infrastructure to serve
rising demand from AI datacenters.

Unregulated generation companies should benefit more directly from
rising prices for electricity and potential demand and contractual supply
opportunities from AI datacenters. Given rising demand, limited supply, and
the long lead times for additional baseload electricity generating capacity, AI
datacenter developers and operators have an incentive to aggressively pursue
contractual access to electricity supply.

What are the new AI revenue opportunities?

Unregulated generators are likely to see the most significant benefit in
the electricity industry. By selling electricity into the wholesale market,
unregulated generators could see higher prices and greater demand for
their production. Though largely focused on existing generation that is
dispatchable (nuclear- and natural gas-driven electricity supply, for example),
AI datacenters are also likely to accelerate additional renewable energy
infrastructure development. AI datacenter developers appear keen to offset
some of the electricity demand with renewable power. This should drive
development opportunities for renewable power developers.

For regulated utilities, the advancement of AI should drive additional
electricity sales, but the benefit to earnings should come from the investment
in infrastructure to serve the new electricity demand. Regulated utilities
will also likely benefit from accelerating development of renewable energy.
Though a more coincident supply (sun and wind power), renewable
energy supply can partially offset growing demand. A global trend toward
decarbonization and renewable energy expansion, which is expected to
intensify in the coming years, should be positive for utilities’ revenue
growth. However, the growth in electricity demand and the expansion
of renewable energies also require additional transmission investment.
Therefore, companies operating in the transmission and distribution of
electricity should also benefit from AI growth. However, it is likely to be limited
to the countries or regions in which data centers are built.

Which areas may see productivity gains?

The impact of AI on utility productivity is limited but could aid in more efficient
grid operations and dispatch. Preventative maintenance and data analysis are
also likely to be areas of focus. We expect utilities to continue looking for
ways to improve operations through AI.

The impact of AI on the profit margins of utilities is likely to be limited. Since
many utilities are regulated on a rate of return methodology, lower operating
costs and the financial benefits of more efficient operations would likely be
passed on to customers. However, the lower operating costs increase the
potential for capital investment, which drives earnings growth for utilities.
This should, over time, drive utility productivity gains through the use of AI.

90



Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Artificial Intelligence

Since regulated utilities operate as monopolies and implementation must be
approved by regulators, they are likely to be late adopters of AI.

Chapter 5: Beyond borders: AI’s resonance
in jobs, inflation, and sustainable
development

Authors: Paul Donovan, Dean A. Turner, Yifan Hu, Brian Rose (US economist)

The latest iteration of artificial intelligence closely follows most of the
economic patterns of previous technological developments. However,
the context in which artificial intelligence is taking place—changing
demographics and an evolution from output to impact economics—may add
some peculiarities to the ways in which economies react.

Productivity

Nearly all technological change is introduced because it increases economic
efficiency. There is no point investing in new technology if that technology
does not allow the economy to do more with less. The importance

91



Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Artificial Intelligence

of efficiency may change over time, changing the desire to adopt new
technologies—the concept of a steam engine was understood during the
Roman Empire, but was not an (economically) efficient production method in
a society with plentiful slave labor and limited fuel. By the eighteenth century,
the potential for efficiency gains from steam power in a country like the
United Kingdom with relatively abundant coal supplies was significant—and
productivity increased.

The principle of introducing technology is therefore that it will enhance
productivity. There are two caveats that apply to this: whether established
business practices adapt to the new technology; and whether the resources
for the new technology are available to allow productivity to be maximized.

Sometimes technological changes are small—economists call this iterative
innovation. With such changes technology will increase productivity, but it is
unlikely to be significant. Very often the change is an improvement on existing
technology—despite what manufacturers claim, upgrading to the next
model of smartphone is unlikely to significantly change the user’s economic
potential. More dramatic changes are classed as dynamic innovation, and the
productivity gains from these are likely to be large.

Dynamic innovation tends to require greater upheaval in the economy,
because the new technology changes working practices. This can limit the
productivity gains in the short term. The productivity of the second industrial
revolution with its use of electric power was famously hindered by the legacy
of steam power from the first industrial revolution. Initially, electric engines
were substituted for steam engines, with a single engine powering multiple
machines in a single factory. The productivity gains from this were minimal.
The real productivity gains of the electric motor only started to become
significant when this centralized power method was abandoned, and smaller
individual motors powering specific pieces of equipment became the norm.
Tearing up the old business model to start again required both confidence
and innovative thinking and took years to implement.

Artificial intelligence seems to be a mix of iterative and dynamic innovation.
Some of the changes and productivity gains from artificial intelligence seem
to be relatively small. However, there is the potential for more dramatic
improvements in productivity in some areas of the economy if established
business practices change.

The second caveat is the assumption that the necessary resources to make
use of the new technology will be readily available. The Romans’ lack of
fuel denied them the productivity gains of the steam engine. During the
1950s, a lack of male computer programmers meant that Britain’s significant
competitive advantage in computing failed to enhance national productivity
(there were many trained programmers from wartime computer operations
but these programmers, being women, were not considered employable in
peacetime).

Resource availability is a significant issue for productivity associated with
artificial intelligence, which relies on access to data. Companies are already
rushing to protect their data from being accessed by large language models.
This deliberately creates inefficiencies to protect proprietary information.

92



Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Artificial Intelligence

The consequence of data restrictions for productivity is not clear. It may be
that a two-tier system develops: a broad-based artificial intelligence based on
public but inferior data; and a superior artificial intelligence using proprietary
information that has a limited user base. The question is whether attempts to
protect proprietary information might undermine economic productivity that
existed before the growth of artificial intelligence.

Growth

If artificial intelligence increases productivity, it naturally should lift economic
growth. This is where the context for artificial intelligence becomes
significant. Efficiency should lead to improved standards of living, but growth
(in the output economic sense of growth in gross domestic product) is not
the same thing as living standards.

Different sectors of the economy will experience different growth reactions
from increased efficiency. The straightforward impact from efficiency is the
potential for higher output with the same or fewer inputs. But technology
also has the potential to lower barriers to entry for different sectors, allowing
output to rise by diverting resources to that sector. The advent of music
streaming (replacing the purchase of music in a physical format) significantly
lowered barriers to entry. The removal of cost barriers also lessened the
artificial barrier of “gatekeepers” (record labels deciding what music was
commercially viable). With limited expense and a reasonable social media
following, any musician can now make an impact where previously they
would be excluded from the marketplace. The result has been an increase in
the volume, diversity, and quality of music readily available.

Almost half of officially reported global GDP is currently generated in
countries with declining populations. The output economics of GDP is a
simple combination of the number of workers and how productive those
workers are. If productivity is rising as a result of artificial intelligence, but the
number of workers is falling, the role of artificial intelligence may be to limit
the slowing of GDP growth rather than accelerating GDP growth.

Greater productivity or efficiency also does not have to increase output.
The global sustainability crisis implies that the priority for efficiency is to
lower inputs required to achieve current standards of living. This type of
improvement is not captured by GDP. The severity of the sustainability crisis,
its perception by consumers, and shifts in the relative costs of inputs are likely
to tilt the balance between increasing output and reducing inputs.

Inflation

If efficiency means that we can do more with less, then economic costs
should decline if artificial intelligence increases productivity. Lower costs in
the production chain will mean lower consumer prices or increased profit
margins—but if the latter, then either competition or (potentially) regulation
should push some of the lower costs through to the consumer. The net effect
of any technology-led efficiency is normally disinflationary for an economy.

93



Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Artificial Intelligence

Beneath that overall disinflation story, technological change tends to create
a lot of relative price shifts. Some prices are likely to rise as the economic
restructuring wrought by technological change alters patterns of demand.
Thus, in the first industrial revolution, the automation of spinning reduced
the price of thread, but then increased the demand for and price of weaving
(as there was an abundance of thread but—until automation—a limited
capacity for weaving that thread into cloth). Similarly, the need to build
factories increased the demand for and price of bricks, again until automation
brought the price back down. Other prices, seemingly unrelated to the new
technology, will fall. In the 1920s, the rise of the automobile in the United
States slowed demand for shoes and boots.

The wider adoption of artificial intelligence will likely increase some prices,
in absolute or relative terms. This is most obvious in the demand for the
technological infrastructure required to run artificial intelligence, but the
shifting demand patterns caused by changing barriers to entry mean that
many other prices are likely to fluctuate. Energy demand might rise to power
the new technology. That would raise the price of energy as other prices
decline. Of course, those prices that do rise may then incentivize additional
technological advances, eventually bringing down prices again. The pattern
of short-lived price booms on demand reversing as new technologies with
new efficiencies have responded has played out time after time. The macro
disinflation trend disguises micro economic price turmoil.

Artificial intelligence has the potential to offer a specific important change
for pricing. For at least the past century, retailers have been at an information
disadvantage. Urbanization and large-scale retail meant that shop owners lost
personal knowledge of their customers. Before the mid-nineteenth century,
a shop owner would have intimate knowledge of their customers—and that
meant that they would be able to form an idea of the maximum price that
each individual customer would pay. This allowed for personalized pricing
—two customers being charged different prices for the same item. The
farm laborer paid less than the local estate owner for the same good. Once
urbanization and large-scale stores took over, customer anonymity grew, and
shops started charging a single price to all their customers (the law of one
price).

The ability of artificial intelligence to manage large amounts of data has the
potential to remove that customer anonymity, if combined with some basic
identification system (cookies with online retail, or a customer loyalty card).
Personalized pricing—if allowed to develop—means that more of the benefits
of productivity are collected in retailers’ profit margins. It also makes the
concept of inflation, as we understand it, increasingly difficult to measure,
because no two consumers are certain to be charged the same price.

It should be noted that while personalized pricing is most controversial at a
consumer level, there is no reason why it cannot occur higher up the supply
chain in producer prices.

Employment

All technological change brings with it a fear that machines will take over
and leave humanity unemployed and unemployable. From the smashing
of machines in the first industrial revolution, to computer manufacturers

94



Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Artificial Intelligence

advertising how their technology could replace lazy staff in the 1970s, the
threat of mass unemployment has always been bound up with technological
change. And yet, as we embark on the fourth industrial revolution, the
number of people with jobs in the global economy is at an all-time high.

It is perfectly true that technological change will lead to specific jobs being
lost. This is either because fewer people can produce the same output, or
because people are simply not required to fulfil certain roles. It is best to think
of a job as a series of tasks that are performed. If over half of those tasks
could be taken over by artificial intelligence, then the job is likely to be lost. If
fewer than half the tasks can be automated, then the job may change (which
may still be traumatizing)—but someone will be employed.

Technology also creates new jobs. There are three ways in which this happens:
Directly, through efficiency, and indirectly through shifting demand patterns.
Any new technology directly creates new jobs. The mechanics of the first
industrial revolution, the electricians of the second industrial revolution,
and the computer programmers of the third industrial revolution all directly
owed their employment to the introduction of new technology. Without
that technology, the jobs would not have existed. Artificial intelligence is
no different—it will require people trained to ask the right questions, and
computers will have to be manufactured for artificial intelligence to run on.

Efficiency can also create new jobs as things become cheaper to do. In a world
where media meant newspapers, there were very few “influencers” because
it was expensive to communicate with large numbers of people. In modern
times, being a social media influencer has become a viable career for some.

Those jobs only came into being as the introduction of new technology
significantly reduced the cost of communicating with millions of people. As
AI lowers the cost of accessing, processing, or presenting information, jobs
will be created to exploit that.

Because technological change like artificial intelligence is revolutionary, the
impact that it has on society will also disrupt the labor market indirectly
through changing demand patterns. For example, if artificial intelligence
reduces the time taken to perform certain tasks, it may increase the amount
of leisure time some people have. Increased leisure time means more jobs in
leisure-related industries. Artificial intelligence could increase the number of
people employed making gardening tools, filming travel vlogs, or working as
personal trainers as they service the increased demand for leisure. This has
happened before.

In 1930, the British economist Keynes famously predicted that by 2030,
everyone would be working 15 hours a week and no more. This prediction
was not as wrong as it might appear—while time spent in paid work has
not fallen as dramatically as Keynes predicted, the time spent on unpaid
household chores has collapsed as a result of technology. The resulting
increase in leisure time was more or less what Keynes forecast and has
generated huge numbers of jobs in the leisure industry.

This means that at a macroeconomic level, artificial intelligence is unlikely to
create mass unemployment in the long term. Existing jobs are destroyed, new
jobs are created, and some jobs that already exist will grow in number. The

95



Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Artificial Intelligence

problem is that full balance is only likely to be achieved in the long term, and
in the short term, the imbalance in the labor market may be more painful.

The potential for an imbalance between the skills of people losing their
jobs and the skills required in the newly created jobs is made worse by the
accelerated speed with which new technologies are adopted. The pandemic
already sped up some of the changes of the fourth industrial revolution, and
artificial intelligence has the potential to further accelerate change. Rapid
change gives little time for existing workers to adapt or retrain, and risks
people losing income, social status, or becoming long-term unemployed.

The short-term pain in labor markets could have serious consequences. Social
status is often closely tied to a person’s employment, and historically when
the social status associated with a job declines—or disappears—there has
been a tendency to look for a scapegoat to blame. Typically, the scapegoat will
be an identified minority in society, who will of course have had nothing to
do with the relative loss of social status felt by the disgruntled worker. Faced
with complex challenges, people tend to crave simplicity and believing that
all their problems can be blamed on a religious, ethnic, or sexuality minority
—or the ever-popular groups of immigrants or foreigners—is a seductively
simple and comforting explanation. Scapegoat economics can quickly move
to a culture of prejudice and prejudice politics, offering ineffective but simple
“solutions.” Political leaders curry favor with the disgruntled population by
promising to restrict the actions of a group in a society, as can already be seen
in several political systems around the world.

The economic damage of prejudice is potentially devastating. In a world of
rapid change, flexibility is required. The mantra of the right person, the right
job, and the right time is the hallmark of economic success.

Prejudice prevents the right people being employed, by using irrational criteria
to restrict (or worse, dehumanize) key workers. To offer an example, artificial
intelligence will not produce effective economic results if the person with the
best ability to ask the right question is prevented by prejudice from being
employed. As the earlier computer programmer example demonstrates, the
gender prejudice of British society 70 years ago had a similarly devastating
impact on productivity.

Changes to the shape and structure of the labor market are likely to be the key
economic challenge posed by artificial intelligence. In a direct sense, artificial
intelligence should be productivity enhancing to a greater or lesser degree
depending on the balance of iterative and dynamic innovation it inspires. That
suggests improving living standards, appropriately measured, and at least
some macroeconomic disinflation. But while in the long term there should
still be enough jobs to occupy the working population, the revolution in social
status may bring about a more polarized society. A polarized society could
slow the introduction of new technologies, resulting in less efficiency and
overwhelming some of the direct economic benefits that artificial intelligence
could produce.

Regional perspective:

US

96



Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Artificial Intelligence

The US has the potential to benefit from the development of AI by more
than other countries. Many of the world’s largest tech companies are
headquartered in the US, and it also boasts leading academic institutions
producing AI-related research. These institutions are able to lure some of
the best and brightest students from overseas who have historically played
major roles in the development of the tech industry. The US also has the
most developed and robust venture capital industry, which should lead
to continued funding of startups. This has been an important advantage
historically, as new technologies tend to require significant private sector
investment.

The regulatory environment is also likely to remain more favorable in
the US compared to other advanced economies. For example, some local
governments have approved the use of robotaxis, providing a valuable
opportunity for developers to gain experience and collect real-world data.
More generally, rules on how private data can be exploited for profit are
relatively lenient, a key factor in improving AI models.

Regarding the physical manifestation of AI in devices including smartphones
and robots, the US is likely to provide a lot of intellectual capital in
product design. However, we would not expect a big boost to domestic
manufacturing output, which has been on a sideways trend for the past
decade.

In our view, AI could boost productivity growth. We estimate that for some
jobs, this could be around a 0.5% per annum increase over the medium term,
perhaps even more if there are breakthroughs in some key technologies.
However, there could be a negative impact on total hours worked if AI
disrupts labor markets, potentially reducing the overall impact on GDP
growth.

Europe

Europe, like other economic blocs, has the potential to reap the benefits
of AI, which could result in higher economic efficiency. Given the troubling
demographic trends in Europe, where working-age populations are shrinking
in several key economies, any increase productivity growth through better
economic efficiency as AI technologies spread through the economy may
merely mean that the trend rate of economic growth falls at a slower pace,
rather than increase it from its current levels.

Thus far, Europe has lagged others in terms of development of AI
technologies, with the US and to a lesser extent China leading the way. There
is no single explanation as to why this is, but one could be the fragmented
nature of Europe’s markets. Unlike in the US, European companies operate
in a region that lacks a level regulatory playing field, which can result in more
bureaucracy. Moreover, although the total size of the potential consumer
market looks not so different from the US (perhaps even larger depending
on the definition), the lack of a common language, cultures, and legal
environment makes addressing this market more costly. Moreover, Europe’s
lack of a unified capital market makes funding and developing new research
comparatively more costly. This does not mean that innovation will not
happen—just that the hurdles are sometimes higher.

97



Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Artificial Intelligence

Another factor that may determine the speed at which AI technologies are
deployed in the workplace is the structure of employment on the continent.
Higher levels of government spending in Europe mean that a greater share of
jobs (roughly one in four) is in the government sector than in the US (closer
to one in eight). Private sector companies tend to have a greater economic
incentive to introduce productivity-enhancing technologies to boost profits,
something that is rarely a focus of the state sector, which could result in a
delayed adoption across the economy than in other regions. Nevertheless,
as new technologies become mainstream, the wealth of data held by the
government sector may eventually mean that they can utilize the AI more
effectively.

Where Europe is likely to lead is in regulation. Europe is the first region to
introduce legislation around AI with the hope of encouraging innovation
while protecting consumer rights. Time will tell if this delicate balance is
achieved, but a bigger question is how far such legislation will extend beyond
Europe’s borders. General Data Protection Regulation legislation is a good
example of where Europe’s rulebooks can extend beyond borders, which it
could dampen some competitive disadvantage that Europe’s innovators are
under. AI legislation could have comparable results, but either way, it seems
that Europe’s desire to focus on regulation and protections will place some
constraints on innovation and, perhaps, implementation in the near term.

China

Over the last decade, China has been quick to embrace the development and
adoption of AI, particularly in consumer-facing industries with key players
using new technologies to personalize the end-user experience. Key factors
driving these developments are China’s market size and the regulatory
environment, both of which have been conducive to the adoption and
development of AI. A supportive funding environment for research and
development from both the government and private sector has also been
instrumental.

The Chinese government has laid out ambitious plans to lead the world in AI
by 2030, as it believes it can facilitate the transition to a more consumption-
led economic model. This should mean that the funding and regulatory
environment remains supportive, and these are likely to be complemented by
policies that encourage AI adoption across various industries.

Notwithstanding Beijing's ambitions for AI, China is facing growing
headwinds from the US where the government is leading a multinational
effort to tighten curbs on Chinese companies’ access to the frontier
technology and talent. Moreover, although data privacy concerns haven’t
been a major consideration for policymakers yet and there haven’t been
significant concerns raised by the majority of citizens, this may change in
the future. In addition, the government’s desire to censor content could also
slow progress in the development and implementation of AI technologies.
A greater emphasis on boosting indigenous technology in bottle-necked
industries (i.e., chips) and basic research could lead to fragmentation of the
global AI infrastructure, resulting in less economic inefficiency that affects all
countries.

98



Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Artificial Intelligence

What does AI mean for sustainable
development and the SDGs

Authors: Amanda Gu, Antonia Sariyska

As an enabling technology that helps deliver sustainable solutions and
products, AI can create new pockets of opportunity to support sustainable
development initiatives. A study finds that AI may enable almost 80% of
targets across all SDGs through technological advancement to overcome
present limitations32. This is significantly more than the 35% of targets that
can be negatively impacted by AI because of varying cultural values, wealth
dispersion, and potential overexploitation of resources in given areas to fuel
increased productivity.

Recognizing the interwoven nature of the SDGs, we highlight areas where
AI integration is progressing, and while still in its nascency, how AI has the
potential to help advance the SDGs. We discuss some of these applications
throughout our report but find it important to summarize the most critical
positive applications here.

Climate change: AI can help accelerate the discovery and development of
green materials, resulting in reduced carbon emissions and decarbonization
costs. Enabling technologies and digitalization can drive power grid
optimization, climate modeling, smart agriculture, and data center energy use
optimization to ensure effective and tracked progress on the decarbonization
journey. This is coupled with improved applications in waste management
and the broader circular economy.

Healthcare and education: Using AI in diagnosis may reduce treatment
costs by up to 50% and improve health outcomes by 40%, according to
Harvard School of Public Health33. Appropriate application of AI can address
affordability and improve access to healthcare. Large language models
combined with superior computing power can accelerate drug discovery and
bring down drug innovation costs. AI’s diffusion in education is happening,
through the adoption of AI chatbots and other AI-integrated tools for
educators and students. ChatGPT has generated considerable interest among
students, with the potential to enrich their learning experiences. Schools
and government institutions need to be prepared for such structural change,

99



Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Artificial Intelligence

for example through adjusting education curriculums, reconsidering business
models, and tailoring to students’ needs.

Labor: Technology breakthroughs historically have improved workers'
productivity and boosted economic growth. AI can reshape industries,
shifting from labor-intensive to capital-intensive processes. Its benefits can be
fully maximized with responsibilities such as reskilling employees, embracing
experimentation, and adapting to new forms of working. Currently, 40% of
global employment is exposed to AI, according to an IMF analysis34—of which
developed markets (DMs) are more exposed (about 60% employment) and
better poised to reap AI benefits than emerging markets (EMs). Older workers
are potentially less adaptable to new technologies. Structural differences
between DMs and EMs and between younger and older workers indicate
varying levels of exposure to the benefits and pitfalls of AI. Seizing AI’s
benefits unequally may result in a widening of the digital divide and
global income disparity. Successful AI integration across sectors and verticals
warrants holistic considerations of regulatory policies and best-practice
guidance. At a company level, we believe that companies can differentiate
through harnessing changes and creating a diverse, balanced workforce for
the AI evolution to unfold. Governments and supervisory bodies are key
to updating regulatory frameworks and supporting labor reallocation while
safeguarding those adversely affected.

We think AI will continue to increase transparency and accountability, both
of which are critical to sustainable development, and specifically to SDG 16
on Peace, security and strong institutions. However, this needs to come with
adequate governance and regulation, given geopolitical tensions, the rise
of misinformation (and the so-called “deep fakes”), and the vulnerability of
digital systems.

As with every technological development, we also need to remain conscious
of the inherent differences in the speed of deployment, particularly across
developed, emerging, and frontier markets. Many new applications require
vast upfront capital expenditure, which might lead to further economic
inequality between regions and economic systems. The role of public-private
partnerships and development finance is particularly critical, in a similar
fashion, as it is essential to critical sustainable infrastructure deployment
such as renewables, internet broadband, and financial systems. We think
private investors have the opportunity to facilitate some of that critical
financing through partnering with multilateral development banks (MDBs),
such as the World Bank and its affiliates, by investing in MDB bonds, whose
proceeds facilitate broader sustainable development and the adoption of new
technologies in underserved regions.

Chapter 6: Geopolitics and regulations

Geopolitics: US-China rivalry and the new global tech order

The global stage is witnessing a shifting landscape, with a splintering of
investment and supply chain routes. The once unipolar order is transforming
into a multipolar landscape, underpinned by the emergence of China as a
challenger to the long-standing dominance of the US. The last few years

100



Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Artificial Intelligence

have seen a significant deterioration in their relationship, and a long-term
resolution seems challenging given their domestic political environments, in
our view.

This structural shift brings nuanced and profound long-term implications
across various areas. Given the deep economic and trade connections
between the US and China, a complete decoupling seems unrealistic.
However, both sides are likely to continue distancing their relationship on
several strategic issues, with the technology sector taking center stage. As
both nations vie for technological supremacy, a complex web of tensions
unfolds, presenting unique challenges and opportunities for technology
investors that extends beyond the US and China.

The tit-for-tat escalation in global tech

The epicenter of this technological rivalry lies in three key hotspots:
semiconductors, artificial intelligence, and quantum computing. These
intertwined, cutting-edge fields hold immense economic and strategic
potential, making them prime targets for national investments, restrictions,
and security considerations.

The Biden administration has openly pursued coordination restrictions on
exports, aiming to limit China’s access to cutting-edge chip technology and
advanced semiconductor equipment. These measures, alongside others—like
curbs on US investment in Chinese high-tech ventures, the CHIPS Act, and
provisions in the Inflation Reduction Act that aim to lessen reliance on China’s
green technology—have heightened concerns about escalating tensions.

In response, China has significantly expanded its export restrictions on key
materials used in chip production such as gallium, germanium, and certain
types of graphite, banning technology exports for making rare earth magnets
and for extracting and separating these materials. Additionally, China
restricted its domestic companies from procuring certain semiconductor
products from US memory maker Micron.

Although China remains a significant hub for end-product manufacturing,
there’s a notable trend among Chinese and international companies toward
diversifying manufacturing investments, particularly in Southeast Asia and
India, along with reshoring efforts back to their home countries (the
US, Europe, and other north Asian countries). In terms of international
relations, the US, Japan, South Korea, and Taiwan formed a consultative
alliance dubbed “Chip 4” to foster coordination and cooperation within
the semiconductor industries, posing even larger development challenges for
mainland China.

Despite mainland China’s efforts to achieve self-sufficiency in chip
production, exemplified by the development of domestically produced 5-
nanometer chips for Huawei smartphones, there are still challenges on the
production yields and unit economics. The latter was mainly due to the use of
deep-ultraviolet (DUV) lithography, an older generation equipment compared
to the more cost-efficient extreme-ultraviolet (EUV) lithography machine. This
highlights challenges behind its high-end chip manufacturing, design, and
equipment production.

101



Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Artificial Intelligence

Conclusion: The US-China tech rivalry is centered around three key areas:
semiconductors, artificial intelligence, and quantum computing. Despite
mainland China’s efforts to achieve self-sufficiency in chip production, there
are still challenges given its restricted access to advanced semiconductor
equipment.

The geopolitics of AI

AI is poised to be economically disruptive. While certain jobs may become
more valued, others are at risk of becoming obsolete. Such periods of
economic upheaval often breed social tensions. Those experiencing rising
status and income may not voice complaints, but individuals witnessing a
decline in their income and status may seek someone to blame, especially if
they perceive their neighbors as ascending while they are descending.

The cause of this relative social change is intricate, yet people tend to
seek simplicity, which can lead to scapegoat economics. This phenomenon
involves wrongly identifying a societal group as the cause of a declining
social status, potentially fueling prejudice politics. Geopolitically, throughout
history, scapegoat economics often targeted foreigners, as they are perceived
as outsiders, thus fostering a particular brand of prejudice politics known as
economic nationalism.

In an increasingly polarized world, we anticipate AI will exacerbate
geopolitical tensions, as evidenced by recent action such as the US imposing
export controls on advanced chip shipments. In October 2023, the US
government expanded the export control list to include less advanced chips
like the L40S and A800, in addition to the restrictions already imposed
on the H100 and A100 in the previous year. In response, NVIDIA plans
to launch new chips such as the H20, L20 and L2 to meet the new
requirements, with the H20 slated for mass production in 2Q24. These new
chips include NVIDIA’s latest features for AI-related computation, though its
total processing performance (TPP) and performance density are below the
compute restriction map.

Conclusion: Given that the generative AI industry is still in its early stages,
further escalation is plausible during periods of geopolitical flare-ups. We
advise investors to manage these risks accordingly.

Quantum computing – will geopolitics hinder the growth of quantum
computing?

Before addressing this question, it is imperative to understand the difference
between traditional computing and quantum computing. Unlike traditional
computing, which is developed around the laws of mathematics, quantum
computing is built on physics. With traditional computing, information is
stored in bits with two states: 0 or 1. With quantum computing, information
is stored in qubits (or quantum bits) that can be in any state between 0
and 1. In other words, rather than just being either 0 or 1, qubits can be in
what’s called “superposition,” when they’re both 0 and 1 at the same time,
or somewhere on a spectrum between the two.

Here’s an easy way to think about it: When you flip a coin, it will either land
heads or tails. But if you spin it, the coin can be both heads and tails while

102



Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Artificial Intelligence

it’s moving. Binary computing is the flipping of a coin, and superposition the
spinning coin; the latter is particularly useful for simulations. While current
quantum systems with only a few hundreds of qubits lack the power to
perform complex tasks compared to an ideal requirement of a few thousand
qubits, recent progress suggests we may reach that stage in a few years.

Though current application remains niche, recent developments suggest it
could become the next focal points of geopolitics, akin to the recent attention
on advanced chips. Media reports highlight China’s increasing involvement
in quantum computing and the potential for trade restrictions, underscoring
the importance of understanding the supply chains and major players in this
field.

Figure 29 - Segments of quantum computing

Source: UBS, as of 2024

Firstly, there are superconducting qubits, which are mainly used by leading
companies like Google and IBM. A superconductor is a material that changes
from a normal state when it is cooled to a superconducting state where
there is essentially no resistance to the flow of direct electrical current. The
advantages of superconducting qubits are faster computation and better
integration potential with current circuit processes, while disadvantages
include quick decoherence and the need for a very cold environment for
them to work. The key components of the superconducting qubit supply
chain include Helium-3 gas (mostly from North America and Russia), dielectric
resonators (mostly from Germany and Japan), and dilution refrigerators
(mostly from Finland, the Netherlands, and the United Kingdom).

The second type is trapped ion qubits, which are mainly used by companies
like Ion Q, Alpine Quantum Technologies, and reportedly, Foxconn, the
leading electronics assembly company in the world. This technology traps ions
using magnetic fields, with the key advantages being stability and the ability
to operate at room temperature; the major disadvantage is that trapped ion
qubits are considerably slower compared to superconducting qubits. The key
components of the trapped ions qubit supply chain include sapphire wafers
(mostly from Japan and Russia) and rare earth materials (mostly form China
and as byproducts from nuclear reactors).

The third type is photonic qubits, which are mainly used by companies
like Xanadu. This technology uses particles of light to carry and process
information and manipulate photons with mirrors, beam splitters, and
phase shifters. The key advantages include the ability to operate at room

103



Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Artificial Intelligence

temperature, whereas the main disadvantages include the lack of scalability.
The key components of the supply chain include beam splitters and phase
shifters (mostly from the US).

Figure 30 - Traditional computing vs. quantum computing

Source: UBS

Conclusion: Despite limited applications in quantum computing so far, we
believe it could become the next focal point of geopolitics, underscoring the
importance of understanding the supply chains and major players in this field.

What’s next?

Following escalations over the past few quarters, efforts have been made
to resume bilateral dialogue and defuse the tensions between the US and
China. More conversations could usher in more clarity on evolving attitudes
between the two sides. Though smaller conflicts could still emerge—such as
the recent ban on materials used in chip production by both sides—we think
the growing number of engagements with high-level dialogue is positive
for bilateral relations. Collaboration will likely continue out of necessity, but
we also expect structural tech tensions to persist in the coming years, with
the potential to turn outright adversarial at times. Increased semiconductor
capacity will likely lead to greater competition, a modest increase in industry
cyclicality, and lower industry utilization rates, posing downside risks to
industry profit margins.

Our base case is for the current restrictions on advanced semiconductor
shipments—both for end-products and semiconductor equipment—to
remain in place. The scope of restrictions may broaden, especially to other
leading-edge technologies in quantum computing and AI. That said, we
expect limited additional restrictions to be imposed on China’s mature
semiconductor industry and other low value-added hardware manufacturing
segments. In fact, restrictions here could lead to adverse implications
for mainland China’s broader semiconductor industry given its reliance
on mature fabrication nodes. On the upside, better bilateral dialogue
may lead to the lifting of enacted restrictions, particularly in advanced
semiconductor shipments for AI-related chips and certain segments of
advanced semiconductor equipment. Should this occur, we think a rerating
of global chip equipment makers and China’s chipmakers could be likely.

Conclusion: Given the US and China’s domestic political environments, we
believe a long-term resolution is challenging. The current restrictions on

104



Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Artificial Intelligence

advanced chips and semiconductor equipment will likely remain in place.
That said, a complete decoupling is unlikely given their deep economic and
trade ties. US-China collaboration in low value-added hardware will remain in
place, in our view, despite the gradual diversification of supply chains beyond
mainland China.

Figure 31 - Global semiconductor installed wafer capacity per
region
Market share, in %

Source: Company data, UBS

Regulations

Regulations have always been and will always be a risk for the tech sector—
more so for AI today, as we expect regulations to evolve quickly in the years
ahead. Moreover, with many general elections scheduled in 2024, we should
see further heated debates around AI regulations.

That said, we welcome regulations at the earlier stages of the industry’s
evolution, as that should drive more orderly growth. Damage can be done
when they are introduced during the later stages of development, which
happened in a few industries like education and fintech.

From a regional perspective, China is currently the most advanced in terms
of AI regulations, drafting enforcement on the technology as early as
2021. While we have yet to see its very own comprehensive AI Act, as
opposed to its European Union peers, we have seen broader regulations and
guidelines being disseminated in 2023 targeted specifically on generative AI
services known as the “Interim Measures.” This guideline is applicable to
all generative AI service providers that leverage the technology to provide
services to the broader public in China. Key principles with regard to content
and data management include the upholding of core socialist values, non-
discrimination, intellectual property rights, lawful rights of individuals, and
algorithm transparency. Any violations will subject the service providers to be
penalized in accordance with the relevant laws, including the Cybersecurity
and Data Security Law. External vendors outside China that are providing

105



Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Artificial Intelligence

services to the nation are likewise subjected to similar requirements, which
highlights the degree of extra-territorial effect of the Interim Measures.

In Europe, the European Parliament recently approved the Artificial
Intelligence Act that aims to make AI systems safe, ethical and respectful
of fundamental rights, while also promoting innovation. This Act resembles
Europe’s General Data Protection Regulation of 2016 but is tailored
specifically for the artificial intelligence domain. The Act categorizes
applications based on risk, with high-risk uses like hiring decisions facing strict
rules. Overall, it emphasizes trustworthy AI development and use, potentially
setting a global standard for AI governance. Greater levels of scrutiny and
obligations are placed on companies utilizing or designing AI within the EU
space, with penalties ranging from 3% to 7% of annual global turnover (with
a cap of EUR 15–35mn) depending on the severity of the violations. The
European Commission has introduced a tiered risk-based approach to assess
the various magnitude of possible systemic risks, with the extreme end of
the spectrum including violations such as utilizing AI-enabled manipulative
techniques, or social scoring for public and private purposes.

On the other hand, we expect the US administration to try to strike a balance,
since regulation around AI can stifle innovation and erode the US’s (and
its major tech platforms’) significant first-mover advantage. Currently, we
have yet to see any wide-ranging AI law being passed, but an Executive
Order regarding the development and use of AI was set forth by the Biden
administration in late 2023. “Accountable” development and deployment
of AI remains the key focus, and the definition of AI remains rather broad,
not solely defined by neural-networks-related systems or generative AI. With
a greater emphasis on drafting comprehensive regulations by governing
bodies, we expect the Executive Order to be the beginning of further
regulatory initiatives within the US.

Conclusion: Regulations are worth monitoring as a risk, including export
controls, but an excessive correction due to geopolitics or regulations could
present a buying opportunity. Underlying demand trends for AI should
continue to be solid in the foreseeable future, in our view.

AI regulation outlook

Source: Morgan Stanley, Bloomberg Intelligence and UBS

106



Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Artificial Intelligence

End notes
1 Source: https://www.businessinsider.com/google-researchers-openai-chatgpt-to-reveal-its-
training-data-study-2023-12#:~:text=The%20AI%20model%20powering%20ChatGPT,or
%20570%20GB%2C%20of%20data.
2 Source: https://sh-tsang.medium.com/brief-review-mmlu-measuring-massive-multitask-
language-understanding-7b18e7cbbeab
3 Source: https://rpc.cfainstitute.org/en/research/financial-analysts-journal/2023/long-term-
shareholder-returns-evidence-from-64000-global-stocks
4 Source: https://a16z.com/who-owns-the-generative-ai-platform/
5 Source: https://www.bloomberg.com/company/press/generative-ai-to-become-a-1-3-trillion-
market-by-2032-research-finds
6 Source: https://www.mckinsey.com/capabilities/mckinsey-digital/our-insights/the-economic-
potential-of-generative-ai-the-next-productivity-frontier#introduction
7 Source: International Labor Organization (ILO), UBS estimates, as of May 2024
8 Source: https://resources.github.com/copilot-for-business/
9 Source: https://www.bcg.com/publications/2023/how-generative-ai-transforms-customer-
service
10 Source: https://www.coatue.com/insights
11 Source: https://www.reuters.com/technology/microsoft-openai-planning-100-billion-data-
center-project-information-reports-2024-03-29/
12 Source: https://qz.com/openai-will-make-2-billion-revenue-soon-tech-ai-
chatgpt-1851247985#:~:text=We%20may%20earn%20a%20commission%20from%20links
%20on%20this%20page.&text=Just%20seven%20years%20after%20being,knowledge
%20told%20the%20Financial%20Times.
13 Source: https://analyticsindiamag.com/github-copilot-is-all-gain-no-pain-for-microsoft/
14 Source: https://visualstudiomagazine.com/Articles/2024/02/05/copilot-numbers.aspx
15 Source: https://marketingreport.one/news/global-digital-advertising-market-to-reach-667-
billion-in-2024-report.html
16 Source: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/global-call-centers-business-
analysis-090800828.html
17 Source: “GPTs are GPTs: An Early Look at the Labor Market Impact Potential of Large
Language Models”, Eloundou et al (2023).
18 Source: “AI Ethics in Business”, Gartner (2021), accessed at: https://www.gartner.com/peer-
community/oneminuteinsights/ai-ethics-business-hvj
19 Source: “Tracking Clean Energy Progress”, International Energy Agency (2023), accessed at:
https://www.iea.org/energy-system/buildings/data-centres-and-data-transmission-networks
20 Source:CB Insights
21 Source: Sinovation Ventures Slide Deck, February 2024
22 Source: sunyan.substack.com “The Economics of Large Language Models”, Jan 21, 2023
23 Source: https://aiindex.stanford.edu/wp-content/uploads/2024/04/HAI_AI-Index-
Report-2024.pdf
24 Source: International Energy Agency: Electricity 2024 – Analysis and forecast to 2026.
Accessed on https://www.iea.org/reports/electricity-2024 as of 19 April 2024.
25 Source: Siemens press release: Generative artificial intelligence takes Siemens' predictive
maintenance solution to the next level, as of 5 February 2024.
And Siemens webpage: Predictive maintenance at scale. Accessed on: https://
www.siemens.com/global/en/products/services/digital-enterprise-services/analytics-artificial-
intelligence-services/predictive-services/senseye-predictive-maintenance.html, as of 27 February
2024.
26 Source: USAF website: https://www.airforce.com/experience-the-air-force/airmen-stories/
inside-air-force-innovation/project-skyborg
27 Source: https://www.aboutamazon.com/news/retail/amazon-rufus
28 Sources: https://www.cio.com/article/475786/dow-turns-to-ai-to-accelerate-chemical-
search.htmlhttps://corporate.dow.com/en-us/news/press-releases/dow-wins-2023-ai-excellence-
award.html#:~:text=MIDLAND%2C%20Michigan.,opens%20in%20a%20new%20tab).

107



Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Artificial Intelligence

29 Source: https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/freeport-mcmoran-to-convert-fleet-
of-cat-793-trucks-at-its-bagdad-mine-in-arizona-to-autonomous-haulage-using-cat-minestar-
command-for-hauling-301972583.html
30 Source: based on Goldman Sachs research
31 Source: Avangrid Press release: Avangrid Pilots Mobile Robot Dog to Advance Substation
Inspections with Artificial Intelligence, as of 08 February 2024. https://www.avangrid.com/w/
avangrid-pilots-mobile-robot-dog-to-advance-substation-inspections-with-ai
32 ”The role of artificial intelligence in achieving the Sustainable Development Goals”, Vinuesa
et al, 2020.
33 Source: https://www.hsph.harvard.edu/ecpe/programs/ai-for-health-care-concepts-and-
applications/
34 Source: International Monetary Fund, Cazzaniga et al, Gen-AI: Artificial Intelligence and the
Future of Work, 2024

108



Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Artificial Intelligence

Non-Traditional Assets

Non-traditional asset classes are alternative investments that include
hedge funds, private equity, real estate, and managed futures
(collectively, alternative investments). Interests of alternative investment
funds are sold only to qualified investors, and only by means of offering
documents that include information about the risks, performance and
expenses of alternative investment funds, and which clients are urged to
read carefully before subscribing and retain. An investment in an alternative
investment fund is speculative and involves significant risks. Specifically, these
investments (1) are not mutual funds and are not subject to the same
regulatory requirements as mutual funds; (2) may have performance that is
volatile, and investors may lose all or a substantial amount of their investment;
(3) may engage in leverage and other speculative investment practices
that may increase the risk of investment loss; (4) are long-term, illiquid
investments, there is generally no secondary market for the interests of a
fund, and none is expected to develop; (5) interests of alternative investment
funds typically will be illiquid and subject to restrictions on transfer; (6)
may not be required to provide periodic pricing or valuation information
to investors; (7) generally involve complex tax strategies and there may be
delays in distributing tax information to investors; (8) are subject to high fees,
including management fees and other fees and expenses, all of which will
reduce profits.

Interests in alternative investment funds are not deposits or obligations
of, or guaranteed or endorsed by, any bank or other insured depository
institution, and are not federally insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance
Corporation, the Federal Reserve Board, or any other governmental agency.
Prospective investors should understand these risks and have the financial
ability and willingness to accept them for an extended period of time before
making an investment in an alternative investment fund and should consider
an alternative investment fund as a supplement to an overall investment
program.

In addition to the risks that apply to alternative investments generally, the
following are additional risks related to an investment in these strategies:
• Hedge Fund Risk: There are risks specifically associated with investing

in hedge funds, which may include risks associated with investing in
short sales, options, small-cap stocks, “junk bonds,” derivatives, distressed
securities, non-U.S. securities and illiquid investments.

• Managed Futures: There are risks specifically associated with investing in
managed futures programs. For example, not all managers focus on all
strategies at all times, and managed futures strategies may have material
directional elements.

• Real Estate: There are risks specifically associated with investing in real
estate products and real estate investment trusts. They involve risks
associated with debt, adverse changes in general economic or local market
conditions, changes in governmental, tax, real estate and zoning laws or
regulations, risks associated with capital calls and, for some real estate
products, the risks associated with the ability to qualify for favorable
treatment under the federal tax laws.

109



Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Artificial Intelligence

• Private Equity: There are risks specifically associated with investing in
private equity. Capital calls can be made on short notice, and the failure to
meet capital calls can result in significant adverse consequences including,
but not limited to, a total loss of investment.

• Foreign Exchange/Currency Risk: Investors in securities of issuers located
outside of the United States should be aware that even for securities
denominated in U.S. dollars, changes in the exchange rate between the
U.S. dollar and the issuer’s “home” currency can have unexpected effects
on the market value and liquidity of those securities. Those securities may
also be affected by other risks (such as political, economic or regulatory
changes) that may not be readily known to a U.S. investor.

110



Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Artificial Intelligence

Appendix

Risk information
UBS Chief Investment Office's ("CIO") investment views are prepared and published by the Global Wealth Management
business of UBS Switzerland AG (regulated by FINMA in Switzerland) or its affiliates ("UBS"), part of UBS Group AG ("UBS
Group"). UBS Group includes former Credit Suisse AG, its subsidiaries, branches and affiliates. Additional disclaimer relevant
to Credit Suisse Wealth Management follows at the end of this section.
The investment views have been prepared in accordance with legal requirements designed to promote the independence
of investment research.
Generic investment research – Risk information:
This publication is for your information only and is not intended as an offer, or a solicitation of an offer, to buy or sell
any investment or other specific product. The analysis contained herein does not constitute a personal recommendation or
take into account the particular investment objectives, investment strategies, financial situation and needs of any specific
recipient. It is based on numerous assumptions. Different assumptions could result in materially different results. Certain
services and products are subject to legal restrictions and cannot be offered worldwide on an unrestricted basis and/or may
not be eligible for sale to all investors. All information and opinions expressed in this document were obtained from sources
believed to be reliable and in good faith, but no representation or warranty, express or implied, is made as to its accuracy
or completeness (other than disclosures relating to UBS). All information and opinions as well as any forecasts, estimates
and market prices indicated are current as of the date of this report, and are subject to change without notice. Opinions
expressed herein may differ or be contrary to those expressed by other business areas or divisions of UBS as a result of
using different assumptions and/or criteria. UBS may utilise artificial intelligence tools (“AI Tools”) in the preparation of this
document. Notwithstanding any such use of AI Tools, this document has undergone human review.
In no circumstances may this document or any of the information (including any forecast, value, index or other calculated
amount ("Values")) be used for any of the following purposes (i) valuation or accounting purposes; (ii) to determine the
amounts due or payable, the price or the value of any financial instrument or financial contract; or (iii) to measure the
performance of any financial instrument including, without limitation, for the purpose of tracking the return or performance
of any Value or of defining the asset allocation of portfolio or of computing performance fees. By receiving this document
and the information you will be deemed to represent and warrant to UBS that you will not use this document or otherwise
rely on any of the information for any of the above purposes. UBS and any of its directors or employees may be entitled at
any time to hold long or short positions in investment instruments referred to herein, carry out transactions involving relevant
investment instruments in the capacity of principal or agent, or provide any other services or have officers, who serve as
directors, either to/for the issuer, the investment instrument itself or to/for any company commercially or financially affiliated
to such issuers. At any time, investment decisions (including whether to buy, sell or hold securities) made by UBS and its
employees may differ from or be contrary to the opinions expressed in UBS research publications. Some investments may not
be readily realizable since the market in the securities is illiquid and therefore valuing the investment and identifying the risk
to which you are exposed may be difficult to quantify. UBS relies on information barriers to control the flow of information
contained in one or more areas within UBS, into other areas, units, divisions or affiliates of UBS. Futures and options trading
is not suitable for every investor as there is a substantial risk of loss, and losses in excess of an initial investment may occur.
Past performance of an investment is no guarantee for its future performance. Additional information will be made available
upon request. Some investments may be subject to sudden and large falls in value and on realization you may receive back
less than you invested or may be required to pay more. Changes in foreign exchange rates may have an adverse effect on
the price, value or income of an investment. The analyst(s) responsible for the preparation of this report may interact with
trading desk personnel, sales personnel and other constituencies for the purpose of gathering, synthesizing and interpreting
market information.
Different areas, groups, and personnel within UBS Group may produce and distribute separate research products
independently of each other. For example, research publications from CIO are produced by UBS Global Wealth
Management. UBS Global Research is produced by UBS Investment Bank. Research methodologies and rating systems
of each separate research organization may differ, for example, in terms of investment recommendations, investment
horizon, model assumptions, and valuation methods. As a consequence, except for certain economic forecasts (for which
UBS CIO and UBS Global Research may collaborate), investment recommendations, ratings, price targets, and valuations
provided by each of the separate research organizations may be different, or inconsistent. You should refer to each relevant
research product for the details as to their methodologies and rating system. Not all clients may have access to all products
from every organization. Each research product is subject to the policies and procedures of the organization that produces it.
The compensation of the analyst(s) who prepared this report is determined exclusively by research management and senior
management (not including investment banking). Analyst compensation is not based on investment banking, sales and
trading or principal trading revenues, however, compensation may relate to the revenues of UBS Group as a whole, of which
investment banking, sales and trading and principal trading are a part.
Tax treatment depends on the individual circumstances and may be subject to change in the future. UBS does not provide
legal or tax advice and makes no representations as to the tax treatment of assets or the investment returns thereon both in

111



Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Artificial Intelligence

general or with reference to specific client's circumstances and needs. We are of necessity unable to take into account the
particular investment objectives, financial situation and needs of our individual clients and we would recommend that you
take financial and/or tax advice as to the implications (including tax) of investing in any of the products mentioned herein.
This material may not be reproduced or copies circulated without prior authority of UBS. Unless otherwise agreed in writing
UBS expressly prohibits the distribution and transfer of this material to third parties for any reason. UBS accepts no liability
whatsoever for any claims or lawsuits from any third parties arising from the use or distribution of this material. This report
is for distribution only under such circumstances as may be permitted by applicable law. For information on the ways in
which CIO manages conflicts and maintains independence of its investment views and publication offering, and research
and rating methodologies, please visit www.ubs.com/research-methodology. Additional information on the relevant authors
of this publication and other CIO publication(s) referenced in this report; and copies of any past reports on this topic; are
available upon request from your client advisor.
Important Information About Sustainable Investing Strategies: Sustainable investing strategies aim to consider
and incorporate environmental, social and governance (ESG) factors into investment process and portfolio construction.
Strategies across geographies approach ESG analysis and incorporate the findings in a variety of ways. Incorporating ESG
factors or Sustainable Investing considerations may inhibit UBS’s ability to participate in or to advise on certain investment
opportunities that otherwise would be consistent with the Client’s investment objectives. The returns on a portfolio
incorporating ESG factors or Sustainable Investing considerations may be lower or higher than portfolios where ESG factors,
exclusions, or other sustainability issues are not considered by UBS, and the investment opportunities available to such
portfolios may differ.
External Asset Managers / External Financial Consultants: In case this research or publication is provided to an External
Asset Manager or an External Financial Consultant, UBS expressly prohibits that it is redistributed by the External Asset
Manager or the External Financial Consultant and is made available to their clients and/or third parties.
USA: Distributed to US persons only by UBS Financial Services Inc. or UBS Securities LLC, subsidiaries of UBS AG. UBS
Switzerland AG, UBS Europe SE, UBS Bank, S.A., UBS Brasil Administradora de Valores Mobiliarios Ltda, UBS Asesores Mexico,
S.A. de C.V., UBS SuMi TRUST Wealth Management Co., Ltd., UBS Wealth Management Israel Ltd and UBS Menkul Degerler
AS are affiliates of UBS AG. UBS Financial Services Inc. accepts responsibility for the content of a report prepared
by a non-US affiliate when it distributes reports to US persons. All transactions by a US person in the securities
mentioned in this report should be effected through a US-registered broker dealer affiliated with UBS, and not
through a non-US affiliate. The contents of this report have not been and will not be approved by any securities
or investment authority in the United States or elsewhere. UBS Financial Services Inc. is not acting as a municipal
advisor to any municipal entity or obligated person within the meaning of Section 15B of the Securities Exchange
Act (the "Municipal Advisor Rule") and the opinions or views contained herein are not intended to be, and do
not constitute, advice within the meaning of the Municipal Advisor Rule.
For country information, please visit ubs.com/cio-country-disclaimer-gr or ask your client advisor for the full disclaimer.
Additional Disclaimer relevant to Credit Suisse Wealth Management
You receive this document in your capacity as a client of Credit Suisse Wealth Management. Your personal data will be
processed in accordance with the Credit Suisse privacy statement accessible at your domicile through the official Credit
Suisse website . In order to provide you with marketing materials concerning our products and services, UBS Group AG
and its subsidiaries may process your basic personal data (i.e. contact details such as name, e-mail address) until you notify
us that you no longer wish to receive them. You can optout from receiving these materials at any time by informing your
Relationship Manager.
Except as otherwise specified herein and/or depending on the local Credit Suisse entity from which you are receiving this
report, this report is distributed by UBS Switzerland AG, authorised and regulated by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory
Authority (FINMA).
Version A/2025. CIO82652744
© UBS 2025. The key symbol and UBS are among the registered and unregistered trademarks of UBS. All rights reserved.

112

http://www.ubs.com/research-methodology
https://www.ubs.com/global/en/wealthmanagement/insights/chief-investment-office/country-disclaimer-gr.html

