
12 July 2024, 05:39 BST
Chief Investment Office GWM
Investment Research

Dividend harvesting in ASEAN
Asia Pacific equities
 
Authors: Soekching Kum, CFA, Equity Strategist, UBS AG Singapore Branch; Wen Ching Lee, Analyst, UBS AG Singapore Branch

• As bond yields fall amid a rate-cutting cycle, stocks with
high dividend yields have the potential to re-rate and
outperform.

• With Southeast Asian (ASEAN) markets offering an
average dividend yield of 4.6% for 2025E, dividend
harvesting could enhance investors’ total returns over the
long term and presents a defensive strategy for investing
in the region.

• This EPL focuses on quality companies in ASEAN that
offer high dividend yields and consistent dividend-paying
track records backed by strong free cash flows. The list
aims to outperform the MSCI ASEAN Index by 3% every
year.

Source: Shutterstock

 
Sustainable dividend yielders to do well when bond
yields fall
Dividend investing, as a theme, should gain greater
relevance as rates fall in the second half of 2024. Just as
bond prices are inversely correlated with interest rates, so
are stock prices of high-dividend yielders. As inflation and
growth slow in the US, we expect the Federal Reserve to
embark on a rate-cutting cycle from September 2024, with
Asian central banks likely to follow its lead. In our view, this
presents an environment for high dividend yielders to re-rate
and outperform on a total return basis.

With an average 2025E dividend yield of 4.6%, we
think Southeast Asian (ASEAN) markets offer attractive
opportunities for income investors. High dividend yield
stocks are likely to re-rate as rates fall and yield spreads
expand. In addition, we see USD strength fading on Fed
rate cuts and concerns over US deficit spending and high
debt levels. Historically, a weaker USD has been positively
correlated with Asian equities’ outperformance versus their
global peers.

Selection list as of 10th July 2024

Source: Bloomberg, CIO

Dividend sustainability reflects balance sheet robustness and
operational stability, and is a hallmark of "quality," a trait
we favor in our equity strategy. For the “Dividend harvesting
in ASEAN” theme, we have identified high-quality dividend
yielders with consistent dividend-paying track records. Their
dividend coverage is backed by strong free cash flows, which
supports the sustainability of payouts.

This report has been prepared by UBS AG Singapore Branch. Please see important disclaimers and disclosures at the
end of the document.



Asia Pacific equities

Seeking dividends – Why now?
Conservative rate cut expectation presents attractive
entry opportunity. Market expectations for Fed rate cuts
have dropped from 6–7 at the start of 2024 to under two
at the time of writing, a result of the delay in disinflation in
early 2Q. Although inflation has resumed its decline in the
US, markets are still pricing in much higher long-term rates
than the Fed. So we see an opportunity to position in yield
stocks and bond proxies before the likely start of the Fed's
rate cut cycle in late 2024.

Falling bond yields bode well for dividend yielders.
We expect dividend yielders to do well in an environment
of falling interest rates. Falling benchmark yields lead
to yield spread expansion, a potential re-rating catalyst.
Furthermore, Bloomberg consensus estimates for our stock
selection list project a compounded annual growth of 7.6%
in dividends over the next two years, further elevating their
appeal relative to risk-free rates.

ASEAN provides ample opportunities for income investors,
in our view. The region (MSCI ASEAN) offers an average
2025E dividend yield of 4.6% versus Asia ex-Japan’s 2.7%
and MSCI AC World Index’s 2.1%.

Figure 1 - ASEAN offers attractive dividend yield
opportunities
Dividend yields: ASEAN vs. Asia ex-Japan vs. World

Source: Bloomberg, UBS

Fading USD strength bodes well for emerging market
equities. A strong USD has historically been a headwind
for emerging market equities. Conversely, our back-testing
analysis finds that Asia stands out as one of the strongest
relative performers during periods of USD weakness. The
fading of USD strength into a US rate-cutting cycle should
favor ASEAN equities in general and especially dividend
yielders.

Figure 2 - Historically, dollar weakness has been a
tailwind for MSCI ASEAN
DXY Index vs. MSCI ASEAN

Source: Bloomberg, UBS

Dividends account for lion’s share of long-term total
shareholder returns in ASEAN. Since 2000, dividend
returns have accounted for 63% of total shareholder returns
in Asia ex-Japan equities. In ASEAN, the contributions of
dividends have been even more substantial at 76% of
total returns. This shows yield stocks have the potential to
enhance investors’ total returns over the long term.

Figure 3 - Dividends contribute the bulk of total
shareholder returns in Asia, especially in ASEAN
Composition of total returns since 1 January 2000

Source: Bloomberg, UBS

Risks
Higher-for-longer rates. Strong US economic data and
renewed inflation pressure could prompt the Fed to delay
rate cuts. In such a scenario, this key catalyst for dividend
yielders would be delayed. That said, unless the Fed resumes
its aggressive hiking cycle, such a risk would delay, but not
derail, our investment thesis.

2



Asia Pacific equities

Earnings recession. Our stock selection is projected to
deliver 7.6% dividend growth over the next two years by
Bloomberg consensus, supported by resilient earnings and
cash flows. Dividends could be reduced if earnings decline,
for instance in the event of a recession.

3



Asia Pacific equities

A faster-than-expected rate cut trajectory may also
pressure net interest margins (NIM) and weigh on
interest income for banks—although banks in our
selection are guiding for benign NIM pressure, which
can be mitigated by improved fee income or loans
growth.

Regulatory restrictions. In a more extreme scenario,
regulators could cap dividend payments temporarily,
such as during the COVID-19 pandemic when
regulators, including the Monetary Authority of
Singapore, restricted banks’ dividend payouts to
conserve capital for loss absorption and credit creation.
That said, such top-down directives are a black swan
event.

Valuations
We believe investors seeking equity exposure to ASEAN
markets should integrate dividend strategies into their
portfolios to enhance overall returns. The "Dividend
harvesting in ASEAN" EPL is focused on delivering
superior risk-adjusted returns by investing in quality
companies in ASEAN that offer high dividend yields.

  Our stock selection list is projected by Bloomberg
consensus to deliver 2-year (2023–2025) earnings
CAGR of 5.1% versus MSCI ASEAN's 8.3%. It also
trades at a 12-month forward P/E of 14.2x versus the
benchmark’s 13.0x, as the list consists of more mature/
defensive companies with higher dividend payouts. The
basket of stocks in the EPL is estimated to pay an
average 2025E dividend yield of 5.6%, 110 basis points
above the benchmark’s dividend yield.

Figure 4 - Dividend yield: EPL trades 1 SD above
historical average

Source: Bloomberg, UBS

Valuations

Note: P/E, P/B, ROE and dividend yield based on 2024 projections as of 10 July 2024

4



12 month rating history

Release date Company name Equity Preference List Current selection Previous selection

Aug 22 2023 Bank Central Asia Asian beneficiaries of Peaking US Fed rates Not Listed Most Preferred

Aug 02 2023 Bank Central Asia Asian beneficiaries of Peaking US Fed rates Most Preferred -

Nov 17 2023 Bank Central Asia Asia New Economy Leaders Most Preferred Not Listed

Nov 17 2023 Bank Central Asia Banks for the next billions Not Listed Most Preferred

Nov 17 2023 Bank Central Asia ASEAN's New Economy Not Listed Most Preferred

Nov 01 2023 Bank Central Asia Investing in Asian titans Most Preferred -

Nov 16 2023 Bank Central Asia Asian growth in addition to MSCI China Most Preferred -

Apr 16 2024 Bank Mandiri Asia New Economy Leaders Most Preferred -

Nov 17 2023 Bank Mandiri Banks for the next billions Not Listed Most Preferred

Aug 02 2023 Bank Mandiri Asian beneficiaries of Peaking US Fed rates Not Listed Most Preferred

Nov 16 2023 Bank Mandiri Asian growth in addition to MSCI China Most Preferred -

Nov 17 2023 Bank of the Philippine Islands Banks for the next billions Not Listed Most Preferred

Nov 16 2023 Bank of the Philippine Islands Asian growth in addition to MSCI China Most Preferred -

Feb 28 2024 DBS Group Holdings Ltd Asia ESG 'Social' leaders trump labour crunch Not Listed Most Preferred

Dec 04 2023 DBS Group Holdings Ltd Asia ESG 'Social' leaders trump labour crunch Most Preferred -

Jul 28 2023 DBS Group Holdings Ltd Asia ex-Japan Focus 20 Most Preferred Not Listed

Jan 05 2024 DBS Group Holdings Ltd Greentech goes global Most Preferred Not Listed

Sep 12 2023 DBS Group Holdings Ltd Investing in distributed ledgers, a nascent opportunity Not Listed Most Preferred

Nov 17 2023 DBS Group Holdings Ltd ASEAN's New Economy Not Listed Most Preferred

Feb 23 2024 DBS Group Holdings Ltd Singapore Most Preferred Not Listed

Nov 01 2023 DBS Group Holdings Ltd Investing in Asian titans Most Preferred -

Feb 07 2024 Frasers Centrepoint Trust Singapore Most Preferred Not Listed

Jan 10 2024 Mapletree Industrial Trust Singapore Most Preferred Not Listed

Nov 21 2023 NetLink NBN Trust Singapore Most Preferred Not Listed

Aug 22 2023 Tenaga Nasional Bhd Asian beneficiaries of Peaking US Fed rates Not Listed Most Preferred

Feb 28 2024 United Overseas Bank Ltd Asia ESG 'Social' leaders trump labour crunch Not Listed Most Preferred

Dec 04 2023 United Overseas Bank Ltd Asia ESG 'Social' leaders trump labour crunch Most Preferred -

Jul 28 2023 United Overseas Bank Ltd Asia ex-Japan Focus 20 Not Listed Most Preferred

Oct 31 2023 United Overseas Bank Ltd Long and short of Sustainable Investing Not Listed Most Preferred

Jan 30 2024 United Overseas Bank Ltd ASEAN: Expanding the China platform 2.0 Not Listed Most Preferred

Jan 23 2024 United Overseas Bank Ltd ASEAN: Expanding the China platform 2.0 Most Preferred -

1619431_5620676f-e702-467d-8fde-b0572efb6f83.pdf



Asia Pacific equities

Appendix

Required Disclosures

Company/Country Disclosures   (10 July 2024)

Within the past 12 months UBS AG, its affiliates or subsidiaries may have received or provided investment services and
activities or ancillary services as per MiFID II which may have given rise to a payment or promise of a payment in relation to
these services from or to each company mentioned in the publication.

Advanced Info Services 1, Bank Central Asia 2, Bank Mandiri 3, Bank of the Philippine Islands 1, 3, 4, 5, 6, CIMB Group
Holdings Bhd 2, 3, 4, 7; DBS Group Holdings Ltd 1, 2, 3, 4, 7; Mapletree Industrial Trust 1, Tenaga Nasional Bhd 3, United
Overseas Bank Ltd 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7; United Tractors 2,

1. Within the past 12 months, UBS has received compensation for investment banking services from this company/entity
or one of its affiliates.
2. UBS holds a long or short position of 0.5% or more of the listed shares of this company.
3. Within the past 12 months, UBS has received compensation for products and services other than investment banking
services from this company/entity.
4. This company/entity is, or within the past 12 months has been, a client of UBS Securities LLC, and non-investment banking
securities-related services are being, or have been, provided.
5. UBS has acted as manager/co-manager in the underwriting or placement of securities of this company/entity or one of
its affiliates within the past 12 months.
6. UBS expects to receive or intend to seek compensation for investment banking services from this company/entity within
the next three months.
7. This company/entity is, or within the past 12 months has been, a client of UBS Securities LLC, and non-securities services
are being, or have been, provided.

Contact
If you require information on UBS Chief Investment Office GWM, its research publications, ratings histories and UBS
disclosures with regard to financial instruments and/or issuers, please contact the mailbox ubs-cio-wm@ubs.com (note that
e-mail communication is unsecured) or contact your client advisor for assistance.

Frequency of updates
Equity recommendation lists can be updated on a daily basis, and are refreshed whenever there is a material change.
Risk views on bond issuers and instruments are affirmed sporadically and changed ad hoc, subject to market
developments.

Producers, disseminators and their competent authorities
This publication has been produced and/or disseminated to you by the UBS Group entity, inclusive of former Credit Suisse
AG, its subsidiaries, affiliates, and branches, you have a banking relationship with. The full name of the producing and/or
disseminating entity and its competent authority can be found below.
UBS AG Australia Branch is supervised by the Australian Prudential Regulation Authority. UBS SuMi TRUST Wealth
Management Co., Ltd. is regulated by the Financial Services Agency (FSA). UBS AG Singapore Branch is regulated
by the Monetary Authority of Singapore (MAS). UBS Securities Co. Limited is licensed to conduct securities investment
consultancy businesses by the China Securities Regulatory Commission. UBS AG Hong Kong Branch is regulated
by the Securities and Futures Commission (Hong Kong) and the Hong Kong Monetary Authority (HKMA). UBS AG
Taipei Branch is authorized and regulated by the Financial Supervisory Commission (FSC) of the Republic of China
(Taiwan). UBS Securities India Private Limited is registered with and regulated by the Securities and Exchange Board
of India (SEBI). UBS Switzerland AG is regulated by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority (FINMA). UBS
Europe SE, Germany, is duly authorized by the European Central Bank (ECB), and supervised by the ECB, the German
Central Bank (Deutsche Bundesbank) and the German Federal Financial Services Supervisory Authority (Bundesanstalt für
Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht). UBS Europe SE, Luxembourg Branch (UBS LUX) is a branch of UBS Europe SE, a credit
institution constituted under German law, duly authorized by the German Federal Financial Services Supervisory Authority
(Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht – “BaFin”) and subject to the joint prudential supervision of BaFin, the
German Central Bank (Deutsche Bundesbank) and the European Central Bank (ECB). UBS LUX is furthermore supervised
by the Luxembourg prudential supervisory authority (Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier), in its role as host
member state authority. UBS Europe SE, Succursale Italia is subject to the joint supervision of the European Central
Bank (ECB), the German Central Bank (Deutsche Bundesbank), the German Federal Financial Services Supervisory Authority
(Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht), as well as of the Bank of Italy (Banca d’Italia) and the Italian Financial
Markets Supervisory Authority (Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa – CONSOB). UBS AG Sucursal en España

6



Asia Pacific equities

is authorized by the Banco de España. UBS Europe SE, Denmark Branch, filial af UBS Europe SE is subject to the
joint supervision of the European Central Bank (ECB), the German Central Bank (Deutsche Bundesbank), the German
Federal Financial Services Supervisory Authority (Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht), as well as of the Danish
Financial Supervisory Authority (Finanstilsynet). UBS Europe SE, Sweden Bankfilial is subject to the joint supervision of
the European Central Bank (ECB), the German Central bank (Deutsche Bundesbank), the German Federal Financial Services
Supervisory Authority (Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht), as well as of the Swedish supervisory authority
(Finansinspektionen). UBS Europe SE Succursale de France is subject to the joint supervision of the European Central
Bank, the German Central Bank (Deutsche Bundesbank), the German Federal Financial Services Supervisory Authority
(Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht), as well as of the French "Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution"
and "Autorité des marchés financiers". UBS (Monaco) S.A. operates under a banking license granted by the “Autorité de
Contrôle Prudentiel et de Résolution” (ACPR) and the Monegasque government and is also licensed by the “Commission de
Contrôle des Activités Financières” (CCAF) to provide investment services in Monaco. UBS AG London Branch is regulated
by the Prudential Regulatory Authority (PRA) and the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA). UBS AG Jersey Branch is regulated
and authorized by the Jersey Financial Services Commission for the conduct of banking, funds and investment business.
In Israel, UBS Switzerland AG is registered as Foreign Dealer in cooperation with UBS Wealth Management Israel Ltd., a
wholly owned UBS subsidiary. UBS Wealth Management Israel Ltd. is an Investment Marketing licensee which engages
in Investment Marketing and is regulated by the Israel Securities Authority. UBS AG Bahrain Branch is authorized and
regulated by the Central Bank of Bahrain. UBS AG Dubai Branch is licensed in the Dubai International Financial Centre
(DIFC) by the Dubai Financial Services Authority (DFSA) as an authorised firm. UBS Qatar LLC is authorized by the Qatar
Financial Centre Regulatory Authority. UBS Saudi Arabia is authorised and regulated by the Capital Market Authority to
conduct securities business under licence number 08113-37. UBS Brasil Administradora de Valores Mobiliários Ltda.
is regulated by Comissão de Valores Mobiliários. UBS Asesores México, S.A. de C.V. is regulated by Comisión Nacional
Bancaria y de Valores (CNBV). UBS Financial Services Inc. is registered as a broker-dealer with the Securities and Exchange
Commission (SEC), a futures commission merchant with the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) and the National
Futures Association and is a member of various exchanges and the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA).
Credit Suisse (Brasil) S.A. Corretora de Títulos e Valores Mobiliários is supervised by the Central Bank of Brazil
and the Brazilian Securities Commission (CVM). Credit Suisse Securities (Japan) Limited is supervised by the Financial
Services Agency (FSA). C. Suisse Asesoría México, S.A. de C.V. is subject to the supervision of the National Banking
and Securities Commission. Credit Suisse (Qatar) L.L.C. is duly authorized and regulated by the Qatar Financial Centre
Regulatory Authority (QFCRA). Credit Suisse Saudi Arabia is duly licensed and regulated by the Saudi Arabian Capital
Market Authority. Credit Suisse (UK) Limited is registered as a financial services provider with the Financial Sector Conduct
Authority in South Africa. Credit Suisse Istanbul Menkul Degerler Anonim Sirketi is regulated by the Capital Markets
Board of Turkey. Credit Suisse (UK) Limited is authorized by the Prudential Regulation Authority and regulated by the
Financial Conduct Authority and the Prudential Regulation Authority.

Equity selection system

UBS CIO GWM equity selection system
We provide two equity selections: Most Preferred (MP) and Least Preferred (LP).

7



Asia Pacific equities

Most preferred
We expect the stock to outperform the benchmark in the next 12 months.
Least preferred
We expect the stock to underperform the benchmark in the next 12 months.
Suspended
Sometimes legal, regulatory, contractual or best-business-practice obligations restrict us from issuing research on a company.
This situation normally stems from UBS Investment Bank's involvement in an investment banking transaction associated with
that company.

Global asset class preferences definitions
The asset class preferences provide high-level guidance to make investment decisions. The preferences reflect the collective
judgement of the members of the House View meeting, primarily based on assessments of expected total returns on liquid,
commonly known stock indexes, House View scenarios, and analyst convictions over the next 12 months. Note that the
tactical asset allocation (TAA) positioning of our different investment strategies may differ from these views due to factors
including portfolio construction, concentration, and borrowing constraints.
1. Most attractive – We consider this asset class to be among the most attractive. Investors should seek opportunities to

add exposure.

2. Attractive – We consider this asset class to be attractive. Consider opportunities in this asset class.

3. Neutral – We do not expect outsized returns or losses. Hold longer-term exposure.

4. Unattractive – We consider this asset class to be unattractive. Consider alternative opportunities.

5. Least attractive – We consider this asset class to be among the least attractive. Seek more favorable alternative
opportunities

Equity selection: An assessment relative to a benchmark
Equity selections in Equity Preferences lists (EPLs) are assessments made relative to a sector/industry, country/regional or
thematic benchmark. The chosen benchmark is disclosed on the front page of each EPL. It is also used to measure the
performance of the EPL owner(s). Including a stock in the EPL constitutes neither a view on its expected, standalone absolute
performance nor a price target. Rather, EPLs are meant to support the UBS House View, with the stocks included in them
selected for their superior risk/return profiles.
Our selection is based on an assessment of the company's fundamental outlook and valuation, the risks owning the stock
entails, including material sustainability risks and the diversification benefits it provides in an investment portfolio, among
many other factors. UBS GWM CIO‘s selection methodology enables wealth management clients to invest in a specific
investment theme or focus on a sector/industry or country/region.
The lead strategist is responsible for the CIO view on a stock, while the EPL owner(s) is/are responsible for the stock selection
within an EPL. Stocks can be selected for multiple EPLs. For consistency's sake, a stock can only be selected as either Most
Preferred or Least Preferred, not both simultaneously. As EPL benchmarks differ, stocks do not need to be included on every
list to which they could theoretically be added.
Only stock views prepared by UBS Financial Services Inc. (UBS FS) which are compatible with the above equity selection
system are provided. A stock cannot be selected as Most Preferred if it is rated Sell by UBS Investment Bank, while a Buy-
rated stock by UBS Investment Bank cannot be selected as Least Preferred.
For more information about our present and past recommendations, please contact ubs-cio-wm@ubs.com

Statement of Risk
Equities - Stock market returns are difficult to forecast because of fluctuations in the economy, investor psychology,
geopolitical conditions and other important variables.

Current UBS CIO global rating distribution (as of last month-end)

Least Preferred 1% . . . .

Most Preferred 99% . . . .

Risk information

UBS Chief Investment Office's ("CIO") investment views are prepared and published by the Global Wealth Management
business of UBS Switzerland AG (regulated by FINMA in Switzerland) or its affiliates ("UBS"), part of UBS Group AG ("UBS
Group"). UBS Group includes former Credit Suisse AG, its subsidiaries, branches and affiliates. Additional disclaimer relevant
to Credit Suisse Wealth Management follows at the end of this section.

8

mailto:ubs-cio-wm@ubs.com


Asia Pacific equities

Risk information
The investment views have been prepared in accordance with legal requirements designed to promote the independence
of investment research.
Instrument/issuer-specific investment research – Risk information:
This publication is for your information only and is not intended as an offer, or a solicitation of an offer, to buy or sell
any investment or other specific product. The analysis contained herein does not constitute a personal recommendation or
take into account the particular investment objectives, investment strategies, financial situation and needs of any specific
recipient. It is based on numerous assumptions. Different assumptions could result in materially different results. Certain
services and products are subject to legal restrictions and cannot be offered worldwide on an unrestricted basis and/or may
not be eligible for sale to all investors. All information and opinions expressed in this document were obtained from sources
believed to be reliable and in good faith, but no representation or warranty, express or implied, is made as to its accuracy or
completeness (other than disclosures relating to UBS). All information and opinions as well as any forecasts, estimates and
market prices indicated are current as of the date of this report, and are subject to change without notice. This publication
is not intended to be a complete statement or summary of the securities, markets or developments referred to in the report.
Opinions expressed herein may differ or be contrary to those expressed by other business areas or divisions of UBS as a result
of using different assumptions and/or criteria. UBS may utilise artificial intelligence tools (“AI Tools”) in the preparation of
this document. Notwithstanding any such use of AI Tools, this document has undergone human review.
In no circumstances may this document or any of the information (including any forecast, value, index or other calculated
amount ("Values")) be used for any of the following purposes (i) valuation or accounting purposes; (ii) to determine the
amounts due or payable, the price or the value of any financial instrument or financial contract; or (iii) to measure the
performance of any financial instrument including, without limitation, for the purpose of tracking the return or performance
of any Value or of defining the asset allocation of portfolio or of computing performance fees. By receiving this document
and the information you will be deemed to represent and warrant to UBS that you will not use this document or otherwise
rely on any of the information for any of the above purposes. UBS and any of its directors or employees may be entitled at
any time to hold long or short positions in investment instruments referred to herein, carry out transactions involving relevant
investment instruments in the capacity of principal or agent, or provide any other services or have officers, who serve as
directors, either to/for the issuer, the investment instrument itself or to/for any company commercially or financially affiliated
to such issuers. At any time, investment decisions (including whether to buy, sell or hold securities) made by UBS and its
employees may differ from or be contrary to the opinions expressed in UBS research publications. Some investments may not
be readily realizable since the market in the securities is illiquid and therefore valuing the investment and identifying the risk
to which you are exposed may be difficult to quantify. UBS relies on information barriers to control the flow of information
contained in one or more areas within UBS, into other areas, units, divisions or affiliates of UBS. Futures and options trading
is not suitable for every investor as there is a substantial risk of loss, and losses in excess of an initial investment may occur.
Past performance of an investment is no guarantee for its future performance. Additional information will be made available
upon request. Some investments may be subject to sudden and large falls in value and on realization you may receive back
less than you invested or may be required to pay more. Changes in foreign exchange rates may have an adverse effect on
the price, value or income of an investment. The analyst(s) responsible for the preparation of this report may interact with
trading desk personnel, sales personnel and other constituencies for the purpose of gathering, synthesizing and interpreting
market information.
Different areas, groups, and personnel within UBS Group may produce and distribute separate research products
independently of each other. For example, research publications from CIO are produced by UBS Global Wealth
Management. UBS Global Research is produced by UBS Investment Bank. Research methodologies and rating systems
of each separate research organization may differ, for example, in terms of investment recommendations, investment
horizon, model assumptions, and valuation methods. As a consequence, except for certain economic forecasts (for which
UBS CIO and UBS Global Research may collaborate), investment recommendations, ratings, price targets, and valuations
provided by each of the separate research organizations may be different, or inconsistent. You should refer to each relevant
research product for the details as to their methodologies and rating system. Not all clients may have access to all products
from every organization. Each research product is subject to the policies and procedures of the organization that produces it.
The compensation of the analyst(s) who prepared this report is determined exclusively by research management and senior
management (not including investment banking). Analyst compensation is not based on investment banking, sales and
trading or principal trading revenues, however, compensation may relate to the revenues of UBS Group as a whole, of which
investment banking, sales and trading and principal trading are a part.
Tax treatment depends on the individual circumstances and may be subject to change in the future. UBS does not provide
legal or tax advice and makes no representations as to the tax treatment of assets or the investment returns thereon both in
general or with reference to specific client's circumstances and needs. We are of necessity unable to take into account the
particular investment objectives, financial situation and needs of our individual clients and we would recommend that you
take financial and/or tax advice as to the implications (including tax) of investing in any of the products mentioned herein.

9



Asia Pacific equities

Risk information
This material may not be reproduced or copies circulated without prior authority of UBS. Unless otherwise agreed in writing
UBS expressly prohibits the distribution and transfer of this material to third parties for any reason. UBS accepts no liability
whatsoever for any claims or lawsuits from any third parties arising from the use or distribution of this material. This report
is for distribution only under such circumstances as may be permitted by applicable law. For information on the ways in
which CIO manages conflicts and maintains independence of its investment views and publication offering, and research
and rating methodologies, please visit www.ubs.com/research-methodology. Additional information on the relevant authors
of this publication and other CIO publication(s) referenced in this report; and copies of any past reports on this topic; are
available upon request from your client advisor.
Options and futures are not suitable for all investors, and trading in these instruments is considered risky and may be
appropriate only for sophisticated investors. Prior to buying or selling an option, and for the complete risks relating to options,
you must receive a copy of "Characteristics and Risks of Standardized Options". You may read the document at https://
www.theocc.com/about/publications/character-risks.jsp or ask your financial advisor for a copy.
Investing in structured investments involves significant risks. For a detailed discussion of the risks involved in investing in any
particular structured investment, you must read the relevant offering materials for that investment. Structured investments
are unsecured obligations of a particular issuer with returns linked to the performance of an underlying asset. Depending on
the terms of the investment, investors could lose all or a substantial portion of their investment based on the performance
of the underlying asset. Investors could also lose their entire investment if the issuer becomes insolvent. UBS does not
guarantee in any way the obligations or the financial condition of any issuer or the accuracy of any financial information
provided by any issuer. Structured investments are not traditional investments and investing in a structured investment is not
equivalent to investing directly in the underlying asset. Structured investments may have limited or no liquidity, and investors
should be prepared to hold their investment to maturity. The return of structured investments may be limited by a maximum
gain, participation rate or other feature. Structured investments may include call features and, if a structured investment is
called early, investors would not earn any further return and may not be able to reinvest in similar investments with similar
terms. Structured investments include costs and fees which are generally embedded in the price of the investment. The tax
treatment of a structured investment may be complex and may differ from a direct investment in the underlying asset. UBS
and its employees do not provide tax advice. Investors should consult their own tax advisor about their own tax situation
before investing in any securities.
Important Information About Sustainable Investing Strategies: Sustainable investing strategies aim to consider and
incorporate environmental, social and governance (ESG) factors into investment process and portfolio construction. Strategies
across geographies approach ESG analysis and incorporate the findings in a variety of ways. Incorporating ESG factors or
Sustainable Investing considerations may inhibit UBS’s ability to participate in or to advise on certain investment opportunities
that otherwise would be consistent with the Client’s investment objectives. The returns on a portfolio incorporating ESG
factors or Sustainable Investing considerations may be lower or higher than portfolios where ESG factors, exclusions, or other
sustainability issues are not considered by UBS, and the investment opportunities available to such portfolios may differ.
External Asset Managers / External Financial Consultants: In case this research or publication is provided to an External
Asset Manager or an External Financial Consultant, UBS expressly prohibits that it is redistributed by the External Asset
Manager or the External Financial Consultant and is made available to their clients and/or third parties.
USA: This document is not intended for distribution into the US and / or to US persons.
For information on the ways in which UBS Securities LLC manages conflicts and maintains independence of its UBS
Global Research product; historical performance information; certain additional disclosures concerning UBS Global Research
recommendations; and terms and conditions for certain third party data used in research report, please visit https://
www.ubs.com/disclosures.
For country information, please visit ubs.com/cio-country-disclaimer-sr or ask your client advisor for the full disclaimer.
Additional Disclaimer relevant to Credit Suisse Wealth Management
You receive this document in your capacity as a client of Credit Suisse Wealth Management. Your personal data will be
processed in accordance with the Credit Suisse privacy statement accessible at your domicile through the official Credit
Suisse website . In order to provide you with marketing materials concerning our products and services, UBS Group AG
and its subsidiaries may process your basic personal data (i.e. contact details such as name, e-mail address) until you notify
us that you no longer wish to receive them. You can optout from receiving these materials at any time by informing your
Relationship Manager.
Except as otherwise specified herein and/or depending on the local Credit Suisse entity from which you are receiving this
report, this report is distributed by UBS Switzerland AG, authorised and regulated by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory
Authority (FINMA).
Version A/2025. CIO82652744
© UBS 2025. The key symbol and UBS are among the registered and unregistered trademarks of UBS. All rights reserved.

10

http://www.ubs.com/research-methodology
https://www.theocc.com/about/publications/character-risks.jsp
https://www.theocc.com/about/publications/character-risks.jsp
https://www.ubs.com/global/en/wealthmanagement/insights/chief-investment-office/country-disclaimer-sr.html

