
Asia credit 
compendium 
 
Introduction to Asia credit, top-down views, and issuer 
updates 
 
26 July 2024 | Chief Investment Office GWM | Investment Research 

 
  

 

 
 

1619041_9b0ca082-8df5-4821-8e54-eb8e68ab0716.pdf



26 July 2024, 2:36PM UTC
Chief Investment Office GWM
Investment Research

 

Asia credit compendium
Asia Pacific bonds
 
Authors: Timothy Tay, Analyst, UBS AG Singapore Branch; Devinda Paranathanthri, Analyst, UBS AG Singapore Branch; Zixuan Liu, Analyst, UBS AG
Singapore Branch; Joel Tan, CFA, Analyst, UBS AG; Eve Li, CFA, Analyst, UBS AG Hong Kong Branch; Daniel Tam, Analyst, UBS AG

• A deep dive into Asia credit: Since 2010, the
Asia credit market has expanded by more than five
times to around USD 1 trillion in size, even after the
decline over the past two years. We believe it offers
unique characteristics and diversification benefits for
global fixed income portfolios. In this report, we
provide readers with a top-down perspective of
the market microstructure, and bottom-up views on
issuers under our coverage.

• Rating composition skewed toward investment
grade (IG): The Asia credit market has seen a steady
increase in the proportion of IG credits over the years,
especially in the BBB segment. Geographically, China
credits take the largest share of the pie (35% of
the total), but we expect this to decline to around
24% by 2026, making the country composition more
balanced.

• Sound fundamentals but tight valuations: Asia
credit fundamentals remain broadly sound, driven by
solid macroeconomic growth which has benefited
sovereigns in particular. Valuation-wise, Asia IG
spreads are close to historical tights, but all-in
yields continue to be attractive. Asia high yield (HY)
spreads remain elevated, but this is distorted by
the beleaguered China HY property segment and
distressed sovereigns.

• Asia IG remains our preferred segment. We
expect Asia IG returns to pick up to around 4–5% in
2H24, driven by imminent Fed rate cuts and resilient
spreads. We see the risk-reward for Asia ex-China HY
as less appealing at this stage of the economic cycle.
While we do not envision significant spread widening,
we think Asia HY performance will likely be driven by
carry going forward.

• Please see Table 15 for ourselection of bonds. Please
also refer to the Emerging Market Bond List published
weekly for a full list of bonds under our coverage.

This report has been prepared by UBS AG Singapore Branch and UBS AG and UBS AG Hong Kong Branch. Please see
important disclaimers and disclosures that begin on page 85.

1619041_9b0ca082-8df5-4821-8e54-eb8e68ab0716.pdf



 

Foreword:�The�emergence�of�Asia�credit
In 2010, Asia credit was a very niche segment, with hardly
around USD 200mn of outstanding bonds. Fast forward to
today, and the market has topped USD 1tr in size, having
blossomed into a universe that is now too big for global
investors to ignore. Still a relatively nascent asset class, the
information asymmetries and idiosyncratic intricacies within
Asia credit allow for strong alpha generation and healthy
return potential for investors, in our view. Historically, the
asset class has generated attractive risk-adjusted returns,
with Asia investment grade (IG) outperforming other global
IG segments. In recent years, the market has faced some
setbacks, particularly in Asia high yield (HY) where a wave
of defaults has taken a toll on its performance. As the asset
class starts to mature, it is inevitable that there will be fresh
challenges and evolving risks that investors will have to
carefully navigate. Nonetheless, we believe the opportunity
set in Asia credit remains vast, with the asset class having a
role to play in every investor’s portfolio.

A deep dive into Asia credit
In this report, we provide readers with a top-down
perspective of the market microstructure and composition
of the Asia USD credit market. We explore what makes Asia
USD credit unique and highlight several interesting themes
within the asset class. Finally, we delve into the individual
issuers across the region, assessing their latest earnings
trends and shedding light on their fundamentals. From an
investor perspective, we think the key to successful investing
in this Asia USD credit boils down to 1) understanding
the macroeconomic cycle of individual counties in Asia; 2)
understanding the fundamentals of individual issuers in the
region; and 3) identifying relative value across countries
and sectors. Through this report, we aim to provide useful
insights into these three key domains, which we hope will
smoothen the investment journey for investors in this asset
class.

Market size and development in recent years
Over the past decade, the pace and scale of expansion
in the Asia USD credit market has been remarkable,
with the segment growing from USD 200mn in January
2010 to a peak of USD 1.2tr in mid-2021 (Fig. 1). This
was driven by both push and pull factors, in our view.
From a supply perspective, it was driven by cheap USD
funding costs for issuers as US Treasury yields were close to
historically low levels. From a demand perspective, the low-
rate environment spurred global investors to hunt for yield
in emerging markets, with Asia credit providing a decent
yield pickup compared to developed market counterparts.
However, after peaking in 2021, the Asia USD credit market
has gradually declined over the past three years by about
USD 200bn to around USD 1tr at present.

Asia Pacific bonds

02

1619041_9b0ca082-8df5-4821-8e54-eb8e68ab0716.pdf



Figure 1 - Asia credit market has expanded by
more than 5x since 2010

Source: UBS, JP Morgan

This is the first time in Asia USD credit's short history we
are seeing a decline in its market size, which we attribute
to several factors. First, aggressive rate hikes by the Federal
Reserve which started in 2022 promptly increased the cost
of funding in offshore markets for Asian corporations. As
such, local currency bond and bank loan markets across
Asia now offer competitive pricing versus USD funding. This
is particularly true for Chinese corporations as historically
low local government bond yields have supported cheap
onshore funding. Second, sizable defaults in the China
property sector have led to a material decline in the
outstanding bonds in the high yield market. Third, from
a demand perspective, bond investors have increasingly
shifted their focus toward developed markets as yield
differentials for Asian credits versus their similarly-rated
developed market peers have narrowed significantly on
the back of material spread compression. We believe the
market size of Asia USD credit should start to pick up
again after 2024. As the Fed is poised to embark on
a rate cutting cycle, funding costs should normalize
for issuers and yield differentials should also improve
sufficiently for investors to return to Asia credit.

Rating composition skewed toward IG
The rating composition of the Asia credit market has
also changed materially over time, marked by a steady
increase in the proportion of investment grade credits
(Fig. 2). Within the IG segment, the proportion of BBB
rated credit has more than doubled since 2010, driven by
rating upgrades for a couple of key sovereigns such as
Indonesia and the Philippines as well as the emergence of
BBB rated state-owned enterprises (SOEs) in China from
2015 to 2018. In the HY space, the portion of BB bonds
fell to 7% of the overall market in 2023, from as high
as 29% in 2011. In contrast, the proportion of C rated
bonds has slightly increased over the past few years, driven
by numerous rating downgrades and defaults by distressed
China property credits.

Figure 2 - Rating composition of Asia USD credit
market

Source: UBS, JP Morgan

China still has largest share of the pie, albeit it’s
declining
From a geographical perspective, China credits take the
biggest share of the pie, at around 35% of the overall
market as of July 2024 (Fig. 3). Nonetheless, China’s share
of the Asia credit market has been gradually declining over
the past two years due to negative net supply and defaults
in the China property sector. After mainland China, Hong
Kong and Korea take make up 14% and 13% of the market,
respectively. It’s also worth noting that China’s weighting in
the HY index is now significantly less at 21%, lower than its
share of the overall market.

Figure 3 - Country breakdown

Source: UBS, JP Morgan

Asia Pacific bonds

03

1619041_9b0ca082-8df5-4821-8e54-eb8e68ab0716.pdf



As far as sectors are concerned, the financial sector
has the largest weighting at 27% of the Asia credit
market (Fig. 4), followed by quasi-sovereigns (22%)
and sovereigns (16%), as of July 2024. Notably, all
three sectors are heavily influenced by macroeconomic
conditions and policy direction in the region, with individual
governments having a large impact on the credit profile
of issuers in these sectors. This dynamic is unique to Asia
as a sizable number of Asian issuers enjoy some form of
state linkage, resulting in 1) their credit standing being
determined by the likelihood of state support; and 2) their
credit ratings being highly affiliated with the respective
sovereign ratings.

Figure 4 - Sector breakdown

Source: UBS, JP Morgan

China becoming a smaller part of the market
The amount of USD bonds outstanding from Chinese
corporations has dropped materially in the past two years
due to several reasons. First, with Chinae government bond
(CGB) yields trading at historically low levels, it has become
much cheaper for Chinese issuers to issue debt in the local
market. We have seen cases where investment grade issuers
issued debt that was about 200bps cheaper in the local
market. Second, given the macroeconomic challenges and
overcapacity in certain sectors, companies are no longer
looking at debt-funded expansion as we have seen in the
past. Finally, a large number of China property issuers have
defaulted and are no longer in the index. We believe some
of these factors will continue to matter in the medium
term, and hence the proportion of China USD bonds may
decline further. We estimate China's weighting in the JP
Morgan Asia Credit Index will fall to around 24% by
end-2026 from 34% at present (Fig. 5).

Figure 5 - China’s weighting in the JACI index

Source: UBS, JP Morgan

China property no longer a major portion of Asia HY
At its peak in early 2020, China HY accounted for 54% of
the Asia HY market, led by the China property HY sector
which made up 38% of Asia HY (Fig. 6). However, the
China property market suffered a drastic downturn in 2021
and 2022, leading to a wave of defaults by numerous
China property HY issuers. As such, the China property HY
segment has shrunk materially since 2020, now amounting
to just 9% of the Asia HY index. In contrast, the non-
property China HY credit segment (12% of Asia HY), which
has been declining only modestly, has now overtaken China
property HY in size. Accordingly, the weighting of China
HY has shrunk by more than half since 2020, now standing
at 21% of the Asia HY index. Given China property
HY’s significantly reduced weighting in the Asia HY
segment, we believe this stressed segment will no
longer be a major return driver going forward, unlike
in previous years.

Figure 6 - China HY weightings in Asia HY have
dropped materially

Source: UBS, JP Morgan

Asia Pacific bonds

04

1619041_9b0ca082-8df5-4821-8e54-eb8e68ab0716.pdf



Who buys Asian USD credit?
To determine the investor base for Asian USD credit,
we examine the new issue allocation of Asia credit by
region. From 2014 to 2019, new issue allocation to Asian
investors steadily increased from 61% to 79% (Fig. 7),
with dwindling interest from European and US investors.
After 2019, foreign interest in Asian credit picked up, with
US and European investors allocated more than 40% of
new issues in 2023. But year-to-date, it seems like the
trend has reversed again (lower allocation to European and
US investors), which we attribute to the narrowing spread
differentials between Asian credit and developed market
debt. In view of the home bias effect, we expect buyers
of Asian credit to remain dominated by Asian investors
going forward, while foreign investor appetite will
likely vary based on relative value considerations.

Figure 7 - New issue allocation, by region

Source: UBS, JP Morgan

Net issuance has been negative since 2022
During the rapid expansion phase of the Asian credit
markets, gross issuance ranged from USD 150bn to above
USD 300bn, while net issuance was largely in the USD 10–
50bn range (Fig. 8). However, this trend sharply reversed
in 2022, with gross issuance down by 55% y/y while net
issuance turned negative to –USD 91bn. In 2022, Asian
issuers were afflicted by 1) rising funding costs due to
the Fed’s hiking cycle; and 2) USD bond markets being
essentially shut to HY issuers following the stress in China
HY property. Tepid gross issuance and negative net issuance
continued into 2023 and 1H24, albeit showing some
signs of improvement this year. The recent dearth of
USD supply from Asian issuers has been positive for
technicals, and is a key reason why spreads have been
compressing, in our view.

Figure 8 - Gross and net issuance trends

Source: UBS, Standard Chartered

Geographically, China has been the largest issuer of USD
debt (Fig. 9), accounting for more than 60% of total
issuance in 2019 and 2020. However, due to the struggles
in the China property sector, coupled with cheaper onshore
funding costs, USD issuance out of China has declined
significantly in recent years. From an issuance perspective,
the lone bright spot has been South Korea; the high credit
ratings of issuers there have enabled them to borrow at
reasonable costs, even in USD. In 2023, South Korea
surpassed China as the largest USD bond issuer, and
this trend continued into 1H24.

Figure 9 - Gross USD supply from Asia, by
country

Source: UBS, Standard Chartered

From a sector perspective, financials now account for
most of the USD debt issued out of Asia (Fig. 10),
which is not surprising given the sector’s regular issuances
for refinancing and capital management. In contrast, HY
corporate debt issuance has slowed to a trickle over the past
two years as many of the weaker issuers were unable to
access the USD bond market.

Asia Pacific bonds

05

1619041_9b0ca082-8df5-4821-8e54-eb8e68ab0716.pdf



Figure 10 - Gross USD supply from Asia, by
sector

Source: UBS, Standard Chartered

Sovereign fundamentals are stronger vs. past decade
Macroeconomic fundamentals in Asia have generally
improved over the past decade and this is reflected in
the sovereign ratings (Fig 11). Among these, it is worth
highlighting that ratings of Indonesia and the Philippines
have moved from high yield (HY) to investment grade
(IG) and that has shifted all key Asian sovereign ratings
to IG territory. Mainland China and Hong Kong were the
only two economies to experience rating downgrades,
but they were from very high rating categories. We are
constructive on the near-term rating outlook for Asian
sovereigns in the BBB segment. While the outcomes of
recent elections in some countries may have put a pause
to further improvements in fiscal positions, we believe
that the long-term fundamental improving trajectory
is intact. This is quite important for the longer-term
return outlook for Asia credit as sovereigns, quasi-
sovereigns, and financials account for close to 65% of
the market.

Figure 11 - Sovereign rating changes since 2015

Source: Bloomberg

Default rates have normalized from the highs
From 2012 to 2020, Asia HY default rates were benign at
under 4% (Fig. 12), before spiking to as high as 17% in 2022
amid the distress in the China property HY sector. With most
of the defaults in the China property HY sector now behind
us, Asia HY default rates have normalized, with the year-to-
date default rate standing at a healthier 1.7%. While we
do not rule out further China property defaults going
forward, we believe this will be largely idiosyncratic
with limited contagion risk. Likewise, we expect defaults
from non-China HY issuers to be isolated events as well.

Figure 12 - Default rates in Asia HY

Source: UBS, JP Morgan

Asia IG spreads at historical tights
Asia IG spreads currently trade at around 130bps (Fig.
13), which like other IG segments are at or close to
historical tights. Comparing Asia IG versus US IG, we
find that Asia IG spreads have traded around 40–50bps
wider than US IG during non-stressed periods, although this
spread premium has widened to as high as 90bps during
stressed periods such as the COVID-19 pandemic. Currently,
Asia IG spreads are less than 20bps wider than US IG, which
suggests that Asia IG is expensive compared to US IG.

Figure 13 - Historical spreads for Asia IG vs. other
regions

Source: UBS, JP Morgan

Asia Pacific bonds

06

1619041_9b0ca082-8df5-4821-8e54-eb8e68ab0716.pdf



Asia HY spreads elevated, but distorted by China HY
and sovereigns
Asia HY spreads are elevated at above 650bps (Fig.
14), but this is distorted by the beleaguered China HY
property segment and distressed sovereigns. Excluding these
segments, Asia HY spreads are well under 330bps, which is
on the tight side from a historical perspective. From 2014
to 2019, Asia HY spreads traded in line or even inside US
HY, but since the onset of the pandemic in 2020, Asia
HY spreads have traded noticeably wider than US HY. This
spread divergence was exacerbated by the stress in China
HY property sector in 2021 and 2022, which at one point
blew out Asia HY spreads to over 1,500bps. Since then,
Asia HY spreads have compressed significantly, but still trade
around 300-400bps wider than US HY.

Figure 14 - Historical spreads for Asia HY vs.
other regions

Source: UBS, JP Morgan

Historical returns dampened by recent correction
Since 2010, Asia IG has posted an average annual return of
4.0% (Fig. 15), which we think is respectable considering
the low interest rate environment from 2010 to 2021.
Asia HY returns were modestly better at 5.0% per annum
as investors were duly compensated for the heightened
volatility in the HY segment. Yet, historical returns of both
Asia IG and HY were dampened by a steep double-digit
correction in 2021–2022. Specifically, Asia IG fell 10% in
2022 as the Fed hiked rates in quick succession while Asia
HY declined more than 10% in both 2021 and 2022 on the
back of weakness in China HY property. Nonetheless, we
have seen a turnaround in 2023 and year-to-date in 2024,
with returns of both Asia IG and HY firmly back in positive
territory.

Figure 15 - Average annual returns of Asia IG
and HY

Source: UBS, JP Morgan, Bloomberg

On a risk-adjusted basis, Asia IG has outperformed
other global IG segments, as reflected in its higher Sharpe
ratio (Fig. 16). We attribute the low volatility in Asia IG to the
high proportion of stable state-linked credits, which have
also benefited from improving sovereign fundamentals. In
contrast, risk-adjusted returns of Asia HY have lagged, as
evidenced by a lower Sharpe ratio compared to other global
HY segments. This is due to the heavy negative returns
attributable to the China property sector in recent years,
which was a significant portion of the market.

Figure 16 - Sharpe ratio of regional credit
markets (2010 to present)

Source: UBS, JP Morgan

Preference for Asia IG over HY
Asia IG continues to be our preferred segment in Asia credit.
While performance year-to-date has been rather modest
due to rate volatility, we expect returns to pick up over the
next 6–12 months, driven by the Fed’s expected interest rate
cuts. We believe spreads will be resilient as we continue to
see strong demand given elevated all-in yields, while activity
in the new issue market remains modest. Over the next year,
we expect IG returns to be supported by coupon carry
of around 5% plus some capital gains due to declining
rates.

Asia Pacific bonds

07

1619041_9b0ca082-8df5-4821-8e54-eb8e68ab0716.pdf



With regard to Asia HY, we think risk-reward is a touch
expensive at this stage of the economic cycle, given the
stretched valuations in the Asia HY space outside of China.
Away from China, we do not foresee any negative catalysts
that may cause significant spread widening in Asia HY,
but at the same time it is hard to envision much spread
tightening from current levels. We do think a substantial
portion of Asia HY’s performance in 2024 was already front-
loaded in the first six months of the year, and hence future
returns will likely be driven by coupon carry. We believe
returns going forward will likely normalize in line with
coupon carry and believe investors should look at
bottom-up opportunities for alpha generation.

Key risks and challenges in Asia credit
Despite the strong growth in the past decade, the Asia credit
market is not as mature as the credit markets in the US.
There are notable risks that investors have to accept. Firstly,
secondary market liquidity for Asian credit is often weak
due to the smaller issuance sizes for Asian companies and
the predominance of buy-and-hold investors in the region.
During times of volatility, investors may not be able to sell
a sizable position without influencing the prices. Secondly,
there is notable concentration risk in the Asia credit
space, with China accounting for 35% of the index while
sovereigns and quasi-sovereigns cumulatively account for
38% of the index. As such, any major credit developments
in these countries/sectors may have an outsized impact on
returns. A case in point was the defaults in the China
property sector which have heavily impacted Asia HY returns
in the past two years. Third, transparency is often not a
priority for some of the smaller Asian issuers (for instance,
LGFVs), hence financial disclosures may be lacking or not
timely. Lastly, corporate governance concerns are often
top of the mind regarding certain Asian issuers, where
perception has been damaged by a few bad apples with
idiosyncratic issues. There have been several reports of
short sellers looking to expose some of these with varying
success. Such governance-related concerns have led to
added volatility in the market time and time again.

Asia Pacific bonds

08

1619041_9b0ca082-8df5-4821-8e54-eb8e68ab0716.pdf



Asia credit: Bottom-up views, by region/sector

Source: UBS. Please refer to Table 15 for the list of bonds.

Asia Pacific bonds

1619041_9b0ca082-8df5-4821-8e54-eb8e68ab0716.pdf



 

 
 

Asia Pacific bonds |  July  2024      

 

 
 

Issuer updates 

 

 

 

 

1619041_9b0ca082-8df5-4821-8e54-eb8e68ab0716.pdf



China's central SOEs

Figure 17 - China's central SOEs covered in this
report and their respective credit views

Source: UBS. Please see the back of the report for the definition of risk
flags

Table 1 - Key financial & credit metrics (as of
end-2023)

* Latest available financials as of end-2022
Source: Company, UBS

China Development Bank
UBS credit outlook: Stable
Moody’s/S&P ratings: A1/A+
Analyst coverage: Timothy Tay

Company updates
China Development Bank (CDB) is a state-funded and 100%
state-owned development financial institution, directly
overseen by the State Council. As a development bank, CDB
has a mandate to provide medium-to long-term financing
for the development of China's strategic industries, with
a focus on the infrastructure industry and social housing
projects.

In FY23, CDB reported a 5.9% decline in net interest income
to CNY 160bn. However, its net profit rose 3.6% to CNY
87bn on the back of lower provisioning (–30.6%). Loan
growth was steady (+2.9% ), with gross loans amounting
to CNY 14.9bn as of end-2023. Deposits declined 9% to
CNY 3.4bn, but this was offset by a 5.5% increase in debt
issued to CNY 13.4bn. While CDB relies heavily on wholesale
funding, bonds issued by the policy bank have a 0% risk
weighting for domestic bank investors, so funding costs are
low. CDB’s asset quality is healthy, with a low NPL ratio of
0.6% and loan loss reserves covering NPLs by more than
five-fold. Capitalization is adequate, with its total capital
adequacy ratio standing 11.7% as of end-2023.

Investment view
We view CDB as systemically important to the Chinese
government, backed by its key policy role, 100% state
ownership, and good track record of government support.
CDB benefits from preferential regulatory treatment, with
access to low-cost funding due to 0% risk weights for
its issued bonds. We also take comfort in CDB’s stable
profitability, sound asset quality, and adequate capitalization
profile. Credit weaknesses for CDB include a high reliance
on market funding, and elevated risks for long-duration
loans. We note that Moody’s and Fitch have negative
outlooks on CDB, in line with their outlook on the China
sovereign. Valuation-wise, CDB trades in line with other
state-owned policy banks, and slightly tighter than large
commercial Chinese banks. We are comfortable owning
CDB’s USD bonds, as we view the issuer effectively as an
extension of the Chinese government.

Key downside risks to our view include: 1) negative
ratings actions on China’s sovereign credit due to prolonged
macroeconomic weakness; 2) an acceleration in NPL
formation arising from the economic slowdown; and
3) a funding squeeze should market funding become
unavailable.

Asia Pacific bonds

09

1619041_9b0ca082-8df5-4821-8e54-eb8e68ab0716.pdf



China Petrochemical Corporation
UBS credit outlook: Stable
Moody’s/S&P ratings: A1/A+
Analyst coverage: Zixuan Liu

Company updates
China Petrochemical Corporation (Sinopec) is a dominant
player in China’s oil and marketing industry. With operations
along the entire oil and gas value chain, the company
is less susceptible to oil price volatility than its pure
upstream peers. It is 100% owned by China’s central State-
owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission
(SASAC), one of the world’s largest producers of refined
oil and petrochemical products. The company processed
around 260 tons of crude oil in 2023 (one-third of China’s
total refinery throughput) and has a retail network of 30,000
gas stations (30% of China’s total). As of end-2023, the
company’s total assets reached CNY 2.7tr (+7% y/y). It is
expected to receive strong government support given its
strategic role in China’s energy security.

In 2023, Sinopec reported full-year revenue of CNY 3.2tr (–
4% y/y). Though sales volumes increased thanks to China’s
post-COVID recovery, product prices were down across
the board due to a decline in oil prices and domestic
overcapacity issues. Margins were protected by lower oil and
coal costs, with gross and EBITDA margins up slightly to
17% and 8%, respectively.

Operating in a capital-intensive industry, Sinopec’s capex
rose from CNY 150bn in 2019 to CNY 190bn in 2023.
We expect a similar capex level to continue given the need
to increase gas output and construct and upgrade refining
and chemical production capacity. The company also aims
to become China’s largest hydrogen producer as part of
its decarbonization initiative, which requires around CNY
30bn in investments by 2025. While this is may weaken
the company’s credit metrics, we believe it has a sufficient
buffer against ratings agencies’ downgrade triggers. The
company’s debt level was decent in 2023 with a debt-to-
EBITDA at 2.3x (up from 1.9x in 2022), and EBITDA-to-
interest coverage as high as 29x. Liquidity is still abundant,
with cash-to-short-term-debt at 108%, down from 148%
in 2022.

Investment view
We like Sinopec’s robust credit profile, which enjoys both
strong credit fundamentals and the high likelihood of
government support. We have a Stable credit outlook on
the issuer and a Fair rating on Sinopec’s outstanding USD
bonds, which offer a mid-4% to 5% yield-to-maturity. The
company has been absent from the primary market for a few
years (last issuance in 2021), resulting in strong technical
support. It holds four tranches of bonds totaling USD 3bn
maturing in 2H24. We recommend investors to participate
in its refinancing deal, if there is one.

Key downside risks to our view include: 1) negative
ratings action on China’s sovereign credit due to prolonged
macroeconomic weakness; 2) a significant deterioration of
Sinopec’s credit metrics due to sustained low oil prices,
sector overcapacity, or higher-than-expected capex; and
3) potential US sanctions. Key upside risks for the bonds
include faster-than-expected Fed cuts, improving company
fundamentals, and a strengthening of government ties.

CNOOC Ltd
UBS credit outlook: Stable
Moody’s/S&P ratings: A1/A+
Analyst coverage: Zixuan Liu

Company updates
CNOOC Ltd is China’s largest offshore crude oil and natural
gas producer. It is the flagship subsidiary (65% ownership)
of China National Offshore Oil Corporation, an SOE 100%
owned by China’s central SASAC. CNOOC takes up the
latter’s entire upstream business, contributing to around
40% and 90% of the parent’s total revenue and EBITDA,
respectively. As of end-2023, the company’s total assets
reached CNY 1tr (+8% y/y). The company is expected to
receive strong government support given its strategic role in
China’s energy security.

CNOOC’s balance sheet is robust, highlighted by its low
leverage. The company is in a net cash position. As of
end-2023, its total liabilities to total assets declined slightly
to 34%, and debt-to-EBITDA was maintained at 0.5x.
Liquidity was abundant with cash-to-short-term-debt at
890%, thanks to its strong cash generation. The company
has maintained a positive net cash flow even with capex
of CNY 120bn and a dividend payout of CNY 58bn. There
was some weakness in profitability, with gross and EBITDA
margins down to 42% and 59% respectively, due to softer
oil prices in 2023. However, further downside should be
manageable given the company’s stringent cost controls.

Investment view
We like CNOOC’s robust credit profile, which boasts both
strong credit fundamentals and the high likelihood of
government support. We have a Stable credit outlook on
the name and a Fair rating on CNOOC’s outstanding USD
bonds, which offer a mid-4% to 5% yield-to-maturity. Due
to net redemption in China’s central SOE bond space,
technical support has been strong, and we expect CNOOC’s
bonds to perform in line with the broader Asia IG segment.

Key downside risks to our view include: 1) negative
ratings action on China’s sovereign credit due to prolonged
macroeconomic weakness; 2) a significant deterioration
of CNOOC’s credit metrics due to a sharp drop in oil
prices, higher-than-expected capex, or large debt-funded
acquisitions; and 3) potential US sanctions. Key upside
risks for the bonds include faster-than-expected Fed cuts,

Asia Pacific bonds

10

1619041_9b0ca082-8df5-4821-8e54-eb8e68ab0716.pdf



improving company fundamentals, and a strengthening of
government ties.

State Grid Corp of China
UBS credit outlook: Stable
Moody’s/S&P ratings: A1/A+
Analyst coverage: Timothy Tay

Company updates
As the largest grid company in China, State Grid
Corporation of China (State Grid) constructs and operates
transmission and distribution (T&D) power grid networks
across the country. State Gride is 92.9% owned by SASAC,
with the remaining 7.1% held by the National Council for
Social Security Fund. It benefits from a stable asset-based
regulatory framework, with a cost pass-through mechanism
that protects it from significant price and volume risks and
allows for reasonable returns over a three-year cycle.

State Grid has posted steady revenue and profit growth over
the past few years, driven by increasing power demand in
China. In FY23, State Grid recorded robust financial results,
with revenue of CNY 3.9tr (+8.4% y/y), EBITDA of CNY
427bn (+2.2% y/y), and net profit of CNY 70bn (+19.5%
y/y). The company’s credit profile remained stable, with
modest net leverage at 2.7x (FY22: 2.7x) and ample interest
coverage of 13.2x (FY22: 12.2x). Capex has been on the
rise (+9.4% in FY23) in recent years to fund investments in
the power grid, but we do not expect this to pressure its
credit profile as higher capex will likely be accompanied by
healthy earnings growth with China’s power demand set to
continue rising.

Investment view
As State Grid is the sole provider of power T&D services in
26 provinces covering almost 90% of China, the company
is effectively a monopoly in its service areas. As such, a
default would have severe socio-economic consequences,
potentially disrupting power supply to over 1.1 billion users.
In light of this, we view State Grid as vital to the country
and expect the Chinese government to provide timely
support when needed to ensure the company’s viability. As
a state-owned utility company under a sound regulatory
framework, State Grid enjoys a stable operating profile and
consistent financial performance. Valuation-wise, State Grid
trades roughly in line with similarly-rated Southern Power
Grid, the second largest grid company in China. We view
State Grid as a defensive name in the China IG utility space
and see the bonds as a stable carry play.

Key downside risks to our view include: 1) negative
ratings action on China’s sovereign credit due to prolonged
macroeconomic weakness; and 2) overly aggressive debt-
funded acquisitions or higher-than-expected capital outlays
which weaken cash flow.

China Huaneng Group
UBS credit outlook: Stable
Moody’s/S&P ratings: A2/A-
Analyst coverage: Zixuan Liu

Company updates
China Huaneng Group (Huaneng) is China’s second largest
power generation company. It is 90% owned by China’s
central SASAC and 10% owned by the China Social Security
Fund. The company’s assets are mainly located in China. As
of end-2023, it had total generation capacity of 243 GW,
comprising coal power (59% of its capacity), wind power
(16%), solar power (14%), and hydropower (11%). In the
past few years, the company has rapidly expanded its clean
energy capacity. As a major power house and a strategic
player in China’s clean energy transition, we think it will
likely enjoy strong government support.

In 2023, Huaneng’s profitability rebounded thanks to
declining coal prices. Its gross and EBITDA margins increased
to 22% and 30%, respectively, from 15% and 23% in 2022.
Due to an aggressive expansion in clean energy capacity
to support China’s decarbonization initiatives, the company
has incurred increasing capex (CNY 135bn in 2022 and CNY
182bn in 2023). This is expected to remain in place over the
next three years. As such, we think the company’s leverage
will remain elevated. As of end-2023, its total liabilities
(including perpetual bonds)-to-total assets was 74% and
debt-to-EBITDA was 7x. However, Huaneng’s liquidity is
abundant, in our view. The company’s cash-to-short-term
debt was 60%. It also has credit facilities of CNY 2.6tr from
major Chinese banks, CNY 1.8tr of which are unused.

Investment view
Our Stable outlook on Huaneng reflects our conviction that
high government support will be extended if needed. In
addition, the company’s financial risks are manageable,
in our view. As it continues to expand its clean energy
generation capacity, earnings are expected to become more
stable and less vulnerable to coal price volatility. Its coal
mining business also supplies around 30% of its coal
consumption for power generation. Despite high capex
demand, the company’s strong bank relationship allows for
cheap funding, in our view. As such, we are comfortable
holding Huaneng’s senior bonds to maturity, and think the
non-call risk of its perpetual notes is low. We think the new
Huaneng 5.3% perpetual offers a good coupon carry.

Key downside risks to our view include: 1) negative
ratings action on China’s sovereign credit due to prolonged
macroeconomic weakness; 2) deteriorating credit metrics in
the case of persistent high coal prices and insufficient cost
pass-through; and 3) debt-funded capex or acquisitions to
ramp up its clean energy capacity at a more aggressive pace
than expected.

Asia Pacific bonds

11

1619041_9b0ca082-8df5-4821-8e54-eb8e68ab0716.pdf



China General Nuclear Power Corporation
UBS credit outlook: Stable
Moody’s/S&P ratings: A2/A-
Analyst coverage: Zixuan Liu

Company updates
China General Nuclear Power Corporation (CGNPC) is
the largest nuclear energy operator in China. As of
end-2023, its installed nuclear power generating capacity
was 30.6GW, equivalent to over 50% of China’s total
installed capacity. The company, which is 90% owned by
the central SASAC and 10% owned by the Guangdong
provincial government, is strategically important to China's
nuclear energy development and security.

CGNPC reported steady financial results for 2023. Total
revenue and EBITDA increased 9% and 8%, respectively,
driven by climbing installed capacities and on-grid power
generation. Gross margin and EBITDA margin dipped slightly
to 36% and 50%, respectively. Debt levels edged higher
after a 14% increase in capex, with a debt-to-EBITDA ratio at
8x. Thanks to low onshore funding costs and the company’s
strong banking relationships due to government support,
average funding costs fell to 2.8% and the EBITDA-to-
interest multiple was maintained at a decent level of 4.7x.

Investment view
We have Fair ratings on CGNPC’s USD and EUR bonds.
We believe the company will maintain its leadership and
strategic importance in China's nuclear power industry, and
strengthen its position in clean energy. It will likely steadily
expand its clean energy capacity in accordance with the
government’s long-term goal on the back of forceful policy
and financial support. While this means high capex demand,
we think the associated financial risks are mitigated by its
strong financing capability.

US investors cannot trade CGNPC’s bonds. The company
was added to Executive Order (EO) 13959, signed by
then-US President Donald Trump on 12 November 2020,
which bans all US persons from purchasing and selling the
securities of companies identified by the US government
as "Chinese military companies." President Joe Biden
expanded the scope of EO 13959 and signed EO 14032
on 3 June 2021, prohibiting US investors from investing
in Chinese companies with ties to China's military or
surveillance industry, as identified by the US government.

Key downside risks to our view include: 1) negative
ratings actions on China’s sovereign credit due to prolonged
macroeconomic weakness; 2) a material deterioration of
the company’s standalone credit profile; 3) a decline in
the strategic importance of the nuclear power industry in
China; and 4) weakening government support. Key upside
risks for the bonds include faster-than-expected Fed cuts,

improving company fundamentals, and a strengthening of
government ties.

Sinochem Hong Kong
UBS credit outlook: Stable
Moody’s/S&P ratings: A3/A-
Analyst coverage: Timothy Tay

Company updates
Sinochem HK is the 100%-owned sole offshore financing
platform and the key overseas asset holding company of
Sinochem Holdings. Sinochem Holdings, 100% owned by
the central SASAC, was established in May 2021 from the
merger of Sinochem Group and China National Chemical
Corp (ChemChina). It is the largest chemical company in the
world and the only chemical SOE in China that carries an
important policy role in China’s energy and food security.
In 2022, the company’s revenue reached CNY 1.2tr. We
expect extraordinary government support to be extended to
Sinochem Holdings and its key subsidiaries if needed.

Sinochem HK is the largest shareholder of China Jinmao
Holding Group (Jinmao). It owns a 35% stake in Jinmao and
fully consolidates its financials. In 2022, Jinmao accounted
for almost all of Sinochem HK’s revenue and EBITDA, and
has been a main reason for its parent’s high leverage.
Sinochem HK’s debt-to-EBITDA climbed from 9x in 2021
to 11x in 2022. Given the continuous softness in China’s
property sector, the company will likely see further margin
erosion and leverage hovering on the high side.

Investment view
Sinochem HK’s standalone financials are expected to be
hurt by the protracted property downturn and Moody’s
has a negative outlook on the company given Jinmao’s
deteriorating fundamentals. However, we think the impact
on Sinochem HK’s creditworthiness is limited. As an
extension of Sinochem Holdings, we believe it will likely
receive extraordinary support from its parent and the
Chinese government. We therefore keep our Stable credit
outlook on the company. Due to the cyclical business nature
of the chemical industry and Sinochem Holdings’ high
leverage, Sinochem HK’s bonds offer a slight yield pickup
against the bonds issued by other central SOEs. We think
they offer good carry and are comfortable owning them
over the medium to long term.

Sinochem and ChemChina were included in the US
Executive Order 13959 in November 2020 under the Trump
administration that banned US persons from investing in
certain Chinese companies. That had led to a sell-off in
their bonds, with a subsequent recovery taking around 6
months to complete. The Biden administration removed the
two names via a new Executive Order 14032, but the US
Department of Defense (DoD) added ChemChina to the list
of “Chinese military companies” in 2022. While potential

Asia Pacific bonds

12

1619041_9b0ca082-8df5-4821-8e54-eb8e68ab0716.pdf



US sanctions remain an overhang for the Sinochem-
ChemChina complex, we do not see the fundamentals and
financing capabilities as constrained by such sanctions. We
therefore think any future sanctions-related sell-off could be
a buying opportunity for investors.

Key downside risks to our view include: 1) negative
rating actions on China’s sovereign credit due to prolonged
macroeconomic weakness; 2) negative developments in
China’s property market and economy that further weigh on
Sinochem Holdings’ fundamentals; 3) reckless debt-funded
moves that further lift Sinochem Holdings’ leverage; 4) a
strategic shift from the parent that reduces the importance
of Sinochem HK; and 5) further US sanctions on Sinochem
Holdings and its subsidiaries. Key upside risks for the bonds
include faster-than-expected Fed cuts, improving company
fundamentals, and a strengthening of government ties.

China National Chemical Corporation
UBS credit outlook: Stable
Moody’s/S&P ratings: Baa2/A-
Analyst coverage: Zixuan Liu

Company updates
China National Chemical Corporation (ChemChina) is
a 100%-owned core subsidiary of Sinochem Holdings,
the world’s largest chemical company and China’s sole
chemical SOE with large strategic importance. ChemChina
is mainly involved in life science (agrochemicals and animal
nutrition, 54% of the 2023 revenue), basic chemicals
(mainly petrochemicals, 15%), rubber and tire (15%) and
material science (13%) businesses via a handful of global
subsidiaries. ChemChina accounts for around 40%, 50%,
and 70% of SinoChem Holdings’ revenue, total assets, and
total debt.

In 2017, ChemChina acquired Syngenta AG, with support
from the Chinese government, and became highly
leveraged as a result. The company has planned for an A-
share listing of Syngenta to deleverage, but progress has
been slow due to market volatility. The very high leverage,
sizable interest expenses, and high capex are ChemChina’s
major credit risks. As of end-2023, ChemChina’s total
debt-to-EBITDA had climbed to 11x with EBITDA-interest-
coverage ratio falling to 2.3x. Sector cyclicality is also
another credit concern. In 2023, ChemChina’s agrochemical
and specialty chemical units suffered from both overcapacity
and weak demand globally, seeing prices drop from the
high 2022 base. As a result, the company’s revenue and
EBITDA fell 8% and 19% y/y, respectively. Its EBITDA margin
was 12%, lower than its global and domestic peers (Bayer,
Dupont, and Wanhua Chemical Group).

Investment view
ChemChina’s credit profile was strengthened after the
merger as the consolidated parent Sinochem Holdings sits

in a more critical position among central SOEs. Despite
mounting leverage, ChemChina will likely secure cheap
refinancing with support from the parent and the Chinese
government. ChemChina’s bonds are now trading close to
the same levels as Sinochem HK, despite a two-notch rating
difference by Moody's. We think both pricings are Fair given
the same ultimate parent and expected level of support.

ChemChina is included in the list of “Chinese military
companies” issued by the US Department of Defense (DoD)
in 2022. While the list itself does not impose any investment
restrictions, it implies a higher possibility of future negative
action. However, after a sell-off during 2020–21 when it was
targeted by Trump’s Executive Order 13959, we think most
bondholders are non-US investors with high conviction on
the company’s credit strength. We therefore do not expect
significant market volatility if future sanctions arise, and we
see any sanctions-related sell-off as a buying opportunity. In
addition, the listing of Syngenta is a future positive catalyst
to watch.

Key downside risks to our view include: 1) negative
ratings action on China’s sovereign credit due to
prolonged macroeconomic weakness; 2) a prolonged
industry downturn that further squeezes ChemChina’s
margins; 3) a strategic shift from Sinochem Holdings
that weakens ChemChina’s asset base; 4) large capex
or reckless debt-funded acquisitions that further increase
its leverage; and 5) further US sanctions on Sinochem
Holdings and its subsidiaries. Key upside risks for the bonds
include faster-than-expected Fed cuts, improving company
fundamentals (including a successful IPO of Syngenta AG),
and a strengthening of government ties.

China Jianyin Investment Ltd
UBS credit outlook: Stable
Moody’s/S&P ratings: A2/A
Analyst coverage: Timothy Tay

Company updates
China Jianyin Investment Ltd (JIC) is the wholly-owned
investment platform of Central Huijin, which owns and
manages key state-owned financial institutions on behalf
of the central government and is 100%-owned by China
Investment Corp (CIC), China's sovereign wealth fund.
Supervised by the Ministry of Finance, JIC plays an important
policy role in facilitating national strategy and plans.
The company invests in companies in strategic industries
such as advanced manufacturing, mass consumption,
and information technology as part of its directive to
enable China’s economic transformation. Additionally,
JIC has occasionally been tasked with restructuring
underperforming financial institutions in order to safeguard
the stability of China’s financial system.

Asia Pacific bonds

13

1619041_9b0ca082-8df5-4821-8e54-eb8e68ab0716.pdf



As of end-2023, JIC’s total consolidated assets amounted
to CNY 1.8tr. Equity investments and asset management
account for around 35% of assets, while the balance
is in financial services. JIC’s investment portfolio is well-
diversified by industry and geography and benefits from
recurring investment income, which accounts for the bulk
of its parent-level income. JIC’s assets under management
(AUM) is expected to grow over the next few years, primarily
driven by its mutual fund unit Guotai Asset Management. By
contrast, its trust business JIC Trust, which has seen sizable
outflows, may face continued pressure from the stress in
the Chinese property sector. In FY23, JIC posted EBITDA of
CNY 46bn (+5.2% y/y), while net profit jumped 21.6% y/
y to CNY 31bn. As of end-2023, JIC had CNY 640bn of
interest-bearing debt, while its cash balance was healthy at
CNY 132bn. Net leverage is high at 11.1x, but gearing (total
debt/assets) remains reasonable at 44.7%.

Investment view
We view JIC as strategically important to the Chinese
government and expect support if required. Due to its
government linkage, JIC also enjoys favorable borrowing
terms from major policy and state-owned banks.
JIC’s financial and credit profile is healthy, with the
company boasting sound liquidity and manageable gearing.
Valuation-wise, JIC’s USD bonds trade at comparable levels
to other state-owned investment companies and large
Chinese banks. We are comfortable holding JIC’s USD
bonds, as we think the issuer’s credit risk is tied to the China
sovereign.

Key downside risks to our view include: 1) negative
ratings actions on China’s sovereign credit due to
prolonged macroeconomic weakness; 2) a weakening
of JIC’s government ties; 3) sharper-than-expected AUM
outflows; and 4) overly aggressive debt-funded investments
or acquisitions to fulfil policy initiatives.

CITIC Limited
UBS credit outlook: Stable
Moody’s/S&P ratings: A3/A-
Analyst coverage: Zixuan Liu

Company updates
CITIC Limited (CITIC Ltd) is the largest conglomerate in Asia.
It has businesses in a wide range of industries, including
financials, resources and energy, manufacturing, property
and infrastructure development, construction, and others.
Its financial segment, mainly run by China CITIC Bank
Corporation Limited (CITIC Bank, 67% owned by CITIC
Ltd) and CITIC Securities, makes up around 80% of its
assets, 30% of revenue, and the majority of its profit. As of
end-2023, its total assets were over CNY 12tr (+6% y/y).

CITIC Ltd is effectively 54%-owned by CITIC Group, which is
ultimately 100% owned by China’s Ministry of Finance. The

company was established in 1979 to lead China's opening
and reform initiatives, and is expected to continue playing
a leading policy role. Its strong government ties suggest
extraordinary support will be extended if needed.

In 2023, CITIC Ltd’s financial segment CITIC Bank reported
weaker earnings but improving asset quality. The net interest
margin (NIM) edged down from 1.97% to 1.78%, pressured
by lower loan yields. Fee income was 13% y/y lower
as higher trading gains were offset by a weak wealth
management business. Asset quality improved with the non-
performing loan (NPL) ratio falling from 1.27% to 1.18%
after active NPL disposals.

CITIC Ltd’s non-financial segment has maintained a low
leverage of 1.5x loans-to-EBITDA. Gross margins grew 10%
y/y in 2023 despite a flat top line. Key profit contributors
are CITIC Special Steel (focusing on high-end products) and
Tianjin Pipe Corporation.

Investment view
We have a Stable credit outlook on CITIC Ltd and
a Fair rating on its USD bonds. We expect CITIC
Ltd to continue to enjoy strong government support,
and its diversified business profile should allow it to
maintain a decent financial performance. CITIC Group
participated in the recapitalization of China Huarong Asset
Management Company (renamed as China CITIC Financial
Asset Management Company recently) in 2021, becoming
its largest shareholder. This is slightly credit negative for
CITIC Group and in turn CITIC Ltd, but we think the impact
is limited.

Key downside risks to our view include: 1) negative
ratings action on China’s sovereign credit due to prolonged
macroeconomic weakness; 2) a weakening of CITIC Group’s
government ties; and 3) large capex or reckless debt-funded
acquisitions that further increase CITIC Group or CITIC Ltd’s
leverage. Key upside risks for the bonds include faster-than-
expected Fed cuts, improving company fundamentals, and
a strengthening of government ties.

China Minmetals Corporation
UBS credit outlook: Stable
Moody’s/S&P ratings: Baa1/BBB+
Analyst coverage: Zixuan Liu

Company updates
China Minmetals Corporation (CMC) is China’s largest and
a leading global metal and mining conglomerate. It is 90%
owned by the central SASAC and 10% owned by the
China Social Security Fund. It ranks in the first quartile
among the 53 backbone central SOEs defined by the central
SASAC. In 2023, its total assets exceeded CNY 1.1tr. The
company’s largest segment is metallurgical construction,
which contributes 56% and 49% to its revenue and gross

Asia Pacific bonds

14

1619041_9b0ca082-8df5-4821-8e54-eb8e68ab0716.pdf



profit, respectively. Those operations are mainly carried out
by its listed subsidiary Metallurgical Corporation of China
(MCC). The company’s second largest segment is metals
and mining (19% of revenue and 29% of gross profit). Its
assets span across various geographies and include top-tier
reserves of copper, zinc, antimony, and tin. That said, the
metal and mining businesses are subject to high metal price
volatility and high operational risks.

In 2023, CMC’s metallurgical construction segment
reported robust top-line growth of 12% y/y, thanks to
a healthy contract pipeline of around four times annual
revenue. Metals and mining was up 6% y/y, thanks to
increasing domestic demand with policy support. However,
gross margins saw a sequential year of decline to 16% (vs.
17% in 2022 and 35% in 2021) due to rising energy prices
and high global inflation. Overall gross margin and EBITDA
margin were maintained at 10% and 6%, respectively.
Margin compression hurt leverage, with debt-to-EBITDA
edging up to 6.3x. Liquidity is strong. Cash-to-short-term
debt coverage reached 73%, with credit facilities of around
CNY 1.5tr.

Investment view
We have a Stable credit outlook on CMC and a Fair
rating on its USD bonds. Strong technicals support the
bonds’ relatively tight valuations. The company has a strong
track record of receiving government support via policies,
resources, funding, and taxes, and we expect this to
continue. Fundamentally, CMC’s metallurgical construction
segment should continue to benefit from its strong order
backlog, although rising counterparty credit risk is worth
noting given China’s macroeconomic situation. While the
company’s metal and mining segment will likely continue
to be volatile given geopolitical uncertainty, its diversified
product mix, and economics of scale should limit further
margin downside, in our view.

Key downside risks to our view include: 1) negative
ratings action on China’s sovereign credit due to prolonged
macroeconomic weakness; 2) a weakening of CMC’s
government ties; 3) large capex or reckless debt-funded
acquisitions that further increase CMC’s leverage; and
4) a sharp drop in revenue and EBITDA due to the
underproduction of upstream metal and mining products
or significantly lower commodity prices. Key upside risks
for the bonds include faster-than-expected Fed cuts,
improving company fundamentals, and a strengthening of
government ties.

Power Construction Corp of China
UBS credit outlook: Stable
Moody’s/S&P ratings: Baa1/BBB+
Analyst coverage: Zixuan Liu

Company updates
Power Construction Corp Of China (PCCC) is a leading
Chinese construction company that specializes in power (in
particular hydropower), power grid, and other infrastructure
projects. 80% of the company’s revenue and 70% of the
gross profit come from its engineering and construction
(E&C) segment. Compared to other construction SOEs,
PCCC is more globally diversified. It participates in many
overseas infrastructure projects that underpin important
diplomatic ties with foreign countries, especially in Africa
and the Middle East. The company is 100% owned by
China’s central SASAC.

PCCC has high leverage, with 10x debt-to-EBITDA and a
76% liabilities-to-assets ratio. It has been using perpetual
notes to control its leverage. The company has high capex
commitments in new energy markets to support China’s
decarbonization initiatives. Strong growth in wind and solar
power projects is expected to buffer a slowdown in hydro
and thermal power projects. From 2016 to 2022, the
company had an annual capex of CNY 40–80bn, and it
is expected to stay in this range over the next two years.
That said, the investment has been concentrated in projects
and power plants that have better yields. Its gross margin
and EBITDA margin are stable at 12% and 7% respectively.
EBITDA has grown steadily (+6% y/y in 2021 and +11% y/y
in 2022), leading to relatively stable leverage levels.

Investment view
All of PCCC’s outstanding USD bonds are perpetual notes
with a 300bps coupon step-up on the call date. These
perpetual notes are currently trading at a high-5% yield-to-
call, with a limited yield pickup to other senior SOE bonds.
We think the pricing is fair, given a low non-call risk and
PCCC’s low credit risk. The company recently called a USD
500mn perpetual note callable in June 2024. While its high
leverage is a bit concerning, we think the risk is mitigated
by its easy access to funding and high likelihood of receiving
extraordinary government support, if needed.

Key downside risks to our view include: 1) negative
rating action on China’s sovereign credit due to prolonged
macroeconomic weakness; 2) a weakening of PCCC’s
government ties; and 3) failure to control leverage,
triggering ratings downgrades, or large capex or reckless
debt-funded acquisitions that further increase PCCC’s
leverage. Key upside risks for the bonds include faster-than-
expected Fed cuts, improving company fundamentals, and
a strengthening of government ties.

Asia Pacific bonds

15

1619041_9b0ca082-8df5-4821-8e54-eb8e68ab0716.pdf



China State Construction International
UBS credit outlook: Stable
Moody’s/S&P ratings: Baa2/BBB
Analyst coverage: Zixuan Liu

Company updates
China State Construction International (CSCI) is a 65%-
owned subsidiary of China State Construction Engineering
Corporation (CSCEC), which in turn is a major SOE 100%
owned by China’s central SASAC and also the largest
engineering and construction (E&C) contractor in the world.
CSCI’s business spans across Greater China and holds
a leading position in both Hong Kong and Macau for
large projects, including housing, hotel, and infrastructure
construction. Despite a relatively smaller size compared to its
central SASAC-owned E&C peers (total assets of CNY 249bn
as of end-2023), we expect strong support from both the
CSCEC and the Chinese government, if needed.

Thanks to its strong market competitiveness and solid
order backlog, CSCI recorded 11% y/y revenue growth and
16% y/y EBITDA growth in 2023. Mainland China, Hong
Kong, and Macau contribute to 58%, 27%, and 9% of
CSCI’s revenue and 79%, 9%, and 6% of its gross profit,
respectively. Mainland China has a higher gross margin
(19% vs. 5% for Hong Kong and 9% for Macau) due to
its participation in high-margin investment-linked projects
and public-private-partnership (PPP) projects. However, this
is expected to trend lower as the company is in a business
transformation to reduce long-term projects and focus on
government targeted repurchase (GTR) projects with faster
turnover and a shorter cash collection cycle. It has also
been reducing its dependence on PPP projects. That said,
the downside is expected to be partially compensated by
better margins in Hong Kong as the company exits from
lower-margin pandemic-related construction projects. More
importantly, the new business mix has allowed CSCI to
deleverage from 7.6x debt-to-EBITDA in 2020 to 5.4x.
EBITDA-to-interest coverage also improved from 2.5x to 4x.

Investment view
We have a Stable credit outlook on CSCI and a Fair rating on
its USD bonds. Credit metrics can further improve from here,
in our view, supported by a strong order backlog, faster cash
conversion, and controlled capex. The company will likely
remain strategically important to CSCEC given its strong
footing in the Greater Bay Area, and is expected to receive
parent and government support. Both its PerpNC24 and
PerpNC26 have a coupon step-up of 300bps if not called.
We think the non-call risk is low, and the market has priced
them close to the senior bonds at mid-5%. We think strong
market technicals will support performance.

Key downside risks to our view include: 1) negative
ratings action on China’s sovereign credit ratings due
to prolonged macroeconomic weakness; 2) a weakening

of CSCEC’s government ties and a weakening of CSCI’s
strategic importance to its parent; 3) margin deterioration,
and 4) larger-than-expected capex or reckless debt-funded
acquisitions that spike CSCI’s leverage. Key upside risks
for the bonds include faster-than-expected Fed cuts,
improving company fundamentals, and a strengthening of
government ties.

China Merchants Port Holdings Company Limited
UBS credit outlook: Stable
Moody’s/S&P ratings: Baa1/BBB+
Analyst coverage: Zixuan Liu

Company updates
China Merchants Port Holdings Company (CMPort) is
mainland China’s largest port developer and operator. It
controls or invests in major port hubs in cities along the
coast of Greater China, and is also a global port investor.
As of end-2023, CMPort owned stakes in 46 ports across
26 countries and regions. In 2023, its container throughput
reached 137.5mn twenty-foot equivalent units (TEUs), with
Greater China and overseas operations accounting for 75%
and 25%, respectively. CMPort’s controlling shareholder,
China Merchants Group (CMG, 69.6% ownership), is a
conglomerate that is 100% owned by the central SASAC.

In 2023, CMPort’s results were adversely affected by
an ongoing restructuring of global supply chains and a
soft global economy. The company saw revenue, EBITDA,
and net income fall 8%, 6%, and 18%, respectively.
EBITDA margin was stale at 56%, whereas net margin
compressed from 72% to 64% due to the disposal
of its Ningbo subsidiary. Other credit metrics were still
robust, with EBITDA-to-interest coverage and debt-to-
EBITDA unchanged at 3x and 6x. Its total liabilities
accounted for around just 30% of total assets.

Investment view
Our Stable credit outlook on CMPort hinges on its
significant strategic importance to CMG, a high likelihood
of government support, and its globally diversified port
portfolio. These should allow it to navigate global economic
cycles and credit difficulties. In addition, the global economy
has been doing better than expected this year, and the
geopolitical tension in the Middle East has benefited the
company’s operations. Deleveraging may continue, in our
view, in the absence of major acquisitions. As such, we rate
CMPort’s USD bond curve as Fair.

Key downside risks to our view include: 1) negative
rating action on China’s sovereign credit due to prolonged
macroeconomic weakness; 2) a worse-than-expected
container throughput decline due to a softer global
economy or rising geopolitical tensions; and 3) large
acquisitions funded by debt that materially increase the
company’s financial risk. Key upside risks for the bonds

Asia Pacific bonds

16

1619041_9b0ca082-8df5-4821-8e54-eb8e68ab0716.pdf



include faster-than-expected Fed cuts, improving company
fundamentals, and a strengthening of government ties.

AVIC International Holding Corporation
UBS credit outlook: Stable
Moody’s/S&P ratings: NR/BBB-
Analyst coverage: Zixuan Liu

Company updates
AVIC International Holding Corporation (AVICIH) is 91%
owned by the Aviation Industry Corporation of China
(AVIC). AVIC in turn is 100% owned by China’s
central SASAC, and is dominant in R&D, operations,
manufacturing, and financing in China’s aviation industry.
It is a key supplier for commercial aircraft manufactured in
China, and is also a top global defense contractor. AVICIH is
AVIC’s sole supply chain service platform. It has a substantial
market share of China’s aviation import and export industry.
In 2020, AVIC and some of its subsidiaries (excluding
AVICIH) were included in the list of “Chinese military
companies” issued by the US Department of Commerce.

Other than the aviation segment (19% of its 2023 revenue),
AVICIH also engages in advanced manufacturing (28%),
overseas utilities in Belt and Road countries (7%), and other
services and trading (45%). These businesses are carried
out by various listed and unlisted subsidiaries, with the
parent company serving as an investment holding company.
The diversified business portfolio allows the company to
generate stable financial results. In 2023, total revenue
edged up 1% and EBITDA rose 4% despite some headwinds
to its international businesses amid geopolitical tensions.
Consolidated total debt is high as the subsidiaries have
strong funding capability. Including perpetual notes, it has
a debt-to-EBITDA of 10x. Due to the company’s strategy of
adding and upgrading its electronics-related capacity, capex
of CNY 7–9bn is expected in the next 12 months, which will
keep leverage high. That said, the company enjoys low-cost
funding, with EBITDA-to-interest at 4x. Liquidity is strong,
with CNY 77bn in bank credit facilities as of March 2024
(CNY 53bn unused).

Investment view
We have a Stable credit outlook on AVICIH and a Fair rating
on its USD bonds. We expect strong debt servicing capability
thanks to the company’s easy financing access. Government
support is expected to be strong and timely, given parent
AVIC’s strategic importance to China’s aviation sector
development. On fundamentals, weak global demand for its
electronics business should be compensated by a domestic
consumption recovery and government support in the
sector.

Key downside risks to our view include: 1) negative
ratings action on China’s sovereign credit due to prolonged
macroeconomic weakness; 2) a weakening of AVIC’s

government ties and a weakening of AVICIH’s strategic
importance to the parent; 3) margin deterioration due to
a downturn in the electronics sector, and 4) larger-than-
expected capex or reckless debt-funded acquisitions that
spike AVICIH’s leverage. Key upside risks for the bonds
include faster-than-expected Fed cuts, improving company
fundamentals, and a strengthening of government ties.

China Taiping Insurance Holdings
UBS credit outlook: Stable
Moody’s/S&P ratings: NR/BBB+
Analyst coverage: Zixuan Liu

Company updates
China Taiping Insurance Holdings (CTIH) is a fully-owned
subsidiary of China Taiping Insurance Group, which is
ultimately 90% owned by mainland China’s Ministry of
Finance. Listed in Hong Kong, CTIH holds all the group’s
major insurance operations, including life, pension, property
and casualty (P&C) insurance and reinsurance in mainland
China and Hong Kong, and overseas P&C insurance.

In 2023, CTIH’s fundamentals showed signs of stabilization
with a narrowing investment loss and a higher after-tax
profit (+23% y/y) despite a 5% decline in its contractual
service margin. The company’s investment portfolio grew
15% y/y to HKD 1,350bn, with the total investment yield
at 2.7% (vs. 1.2% in 2022). New business value for Taiping
Life climbed 28% y/y in yuan terms, reflecting higher
premiums for savings-type policies and the company’s
leading individual agency and bancassurance channels.
Solvency ratios at major subsidiaries remained adequate
under C-ROSS Phase II and strengthened to top peers due to
debt issuances in 2023, including the CNY 11bn perpetual
capital issued by Taiping Life and the USD 2bn perpetual
subordinated bond callable in 2028.

Investment view
We have a Fair rating on CTIH’s 6.4% perpetual
subordinated bond callable in 2028. The bond is trading at
a 5.1% yield-to-call after massive spread tightening since
its issuance, thanks to its high carry. While the company
could continue to see improving fundamentals in light of a
stabilizing property market in China, the optimism is already
in the price, in our view.

Key downside risks to our view include: 1) falling onshore
interest rates; and 2) a sharp correction in Chinese equity
markets. Key upside risks for the bonds include faster-than-
expected Fed cuts, stronger investment results due to rising
onshore interest rate, and a strengthening of government
ties.

Asia Pacific bonds

17

1619041_9b0ca082-8df5-4821-8e54-eb8e68ab0716.pdf



BOC Aviation
UBS credit outlook: Stable
Moody’s/S&P ratings: NR/A-
Analyst coverage: Eve Li

Company update
BOC Aviation (BOCA) is one of the world’s largest aircraft
leasing companies. Bank of China is BOCA’s ultimate
controlling shareholder, with a 70% stake as of end-2023.
As of end-April 2024, BOCA had a total fleet of 688
aircraft owned, managed, or on order, with an average
fleet age of 4.8 years and an average remaining lease term
of 7.9 years. Its aircraft utilization rate remains high at
99%. BOCA’s lease portfolio is diversified both by airline
customers and geography. The top three customer regions
were the Americas (27%), APAC excluding Greater China
(23%), and Greater China (23%) as of end-2023.

In 2023, BOCA reported USD 764mn in net profit compared
to just USD 20mn in 2022. The sharp rise was driven by a
7% increase in revenue and a significant reduction in aircraft
impairments. Operating lease rental income continued to
contribute the most to the top line, accounting for 78%
of the total revenue of USD 2.5bn. The lease rate factor
rebounded to 10% (from 9.2% in 2022). Net lease yield,
however, increased at a milder pace to 7.1% (from 7%),
due to a rising cost of debt of 4.1%. Supported by a high
collection rate of over 100%, its operating cash flow net of
interest continued to improve to USD 1.6bn in 2023 from
USD 1.5bn in 2022.

The full-year capex was USD 3.6bn, slightly behind
management’s guidance of USD 4bn. With the supply
of passenger aircraft still tight, the company has used
the purchase and leaseback (PLB) channels to enrich its
portfolio. In 2023, it acquired 45 aircraft under PLB, versus
21 from its orderbook. Total debt increased 9% y/y to USD
16.5bn to partly fund the capex. That said, debt-to-equity
was stable at 2.9x. BOCA’s total available liquidity was
sufficient at USD 5.6bn as of end-2023, including USD 5.2bn
in undrawn committed credit lines (of which USD 3.5bn was
from Bank of China).

Investment view
We expect the operating environment to remain favorable
for BOCA, with resilient global air passenger traffic demand.
According to the company, the industry needs to fund
around USD 95bn of aircraft this year, and USD 121bn in
2025. We believe operating lessors with cheaper funding
costs and deep industry knowhow will continue to gain
market share. While we estimate its rating buffer, measured
by EBIT/interest expenses under S&P’s methodology, slightly
weakened in 2023 due to higher borrowing costs, we
still expect a stable rating trajectory over the next 12
months. BOCA’s issuer rating benefits from a two-notch
uplift from its stand-alone credit profile, considering its

strategic importance to Bank of China. We currently rate
most of its curve as Fair.

Key downside risks to our view include: 1) an unexpected
deterioration in BOCA’s importance to its parent and a
rating downgrade for Bank of China; 2) a weaker-than-
expected industry operating environment, leading to a
declining lease rate factor; and 3) an aggressive debt-
funded fleet expansion. Key upside risks for the bonds
include faster-than-expected Fed cuts, improving company
fundamentals, and a strengthening of government ties.

China's local SOEs/LGFVs

Figure 18 - China's local SOEs / LGFVs covered in
this report and their respective credit views

Source: UBS. Please see the back of the report for the definition of risk
flags

Table 2 - Key financial & credit metrics (as of
end-2023)

Source: Company, UBS

Shandong Hi-speed Group
UBS credit outlook: Stable
Moody’s/S&P ratings: A3/NR
Analyst coverage: Zixuan Liu

Company updates
Shandong Hi-speed Group (SDHS) is the largest SOE/
LGFV in Shandong in terms of total assets (CNY 1.5tr,
+14% y/y in 2023) and its debt accounts for around 80%
of the provincial-level LGFV debt. The company engages
in expressway operations and other strategic businesses.
Although its non-transportation commercial business has
became more prominent over the past few years, such that
25% of its revenue came from the sales of petrol products,
its mega-size and strategic role ensure a high likelihood of
government support, in our view. Shandong is China's third-
largest provincial economy, with a GDP of USD 1.3tr as of
2023. Despite high government leverage (including LGFV
debt) and a relatively weak banking sector, the province’s
ability to support its SOEs is considered strong, in our view.

Mounting leverage is a major credit concern for SDHS, in
our view. Due to its demanding capex and high interest
and dividend spending, the company consistently generates

Asia Pacific bonds

18

1619041_9b0ca082-8df5-4821-8e54-eb8e68ab0716.pdf



negative free cash flow and depends on external funding to
sustain its operations. SDHS saw debt-to-EBITDA climbing
from 9.4x in 2021 to 11x in 2023. That said, the company
has a strong track record of receiving government support in
the form of asset injections, exclusive operation rights, and
top management designation. Onshore capital market and
bank financing remain sound. As of end-2023, SDHS had
credit lines of around CNY 1.3tr, with nearly half unused.

Investment view
With the Chinese government focusing on containing tail
risks in the LGFV sector and the financial system, we are
comfortable taking on more risk and see relative value in
SDHS’s bonds. SDHS acts as a high beta candidate in the
China IG space given its similarity to an LGFV company and
inability to generate positive free cash flow. In addition,
Shandong’s history of debt issues only adds to investor
concerns. That said, we believe the company is systemically
important to the province's financial system. It is expected
to maintain its strong debt servicing capability.

Key downside risks to our view include: 1) negative
rating action on China’s sovereign credit due to prolonged
macroeconomic weakness; 2) an aggressive debt-funded
expansion by the company that significantly increases
its leverage; and 3) any sign of declining government
support. Key upside risks for the bonds include faster-than-
expected Fed cuts, improving company fundamentals, and
a strengthening of government ties.

Guangzhou Metro Group
UBS credit outlook: Stable
Moody’s/S&P ratings:A1/NR
Analyst coverage: Zixuan Liu

Company updates
Guangzhou Metro Group (GZ Metro), 100% owned by the
Guangzhou municipal government, is the sole construction
and operating entity of Guangzhou's metro system. It is
one of the largest SOEs in Guangzhou, and its metro
network is considered one of the most extensive in the
world. It also engages in residential and commercial property
development around its metro stations, and provides
consulting services to other railway operators in China and
overseas. Guangzhou, the capital of Guangdong province,
is a top-tier city with healthy fiscal revenue and a below
average debt ratio (local government and LGFV debt-to-GDP
ratio at 27%). It possesses a strong ability to coordinate
domestic financial resources to support the needs of its
strategically important SOEs and LGFVs, in our view.

GZ Metro’s operation relies heavily on financial and policy
support from local and higher-tier governments. Preferrable
arrangements for its land acquisitions, tax reductions, and
financial subsidies are granted by the local government.
Given its policy role, the company has low margins and

high capex demand. Its metro operation had a negative
gross margin of –30% and an overall gross margin of
8% in 2023. The company’s debt has ramped up rapidly
since 2017, with total liabilities-to-total assets rising from
39% to 58%, and EBITDA-to-interest coverage declining to
0.7x. As of end-2023, the company’s railway projects under
construction demanded a future capex of CNY 110bn (vs.
its total debt of CNY 232bn), which must be met by external
financing.

Investment view
We have a Stable credit outlook on GZ Metro and Fair rating
on its USD bonds (keepwell structure with liquidity support
deed). While GZ Metro has low profitability and elevated
leverage, we expect it to enjoy easy funding access and
strong debt servicing capability. It is considered strategically
important to the local government, and any credit concern
could raise systemic risk to the local financial market, in our
view.

Since the Politburo meeting in July 2023, when the Chinese
government prioritized defusing heightened LGFV debt
risks, supervision over LGFV debt has been strict. Liquidity
needs are closely monitored and various financial resources
have been allocated to avoid any credit events. In addition,
the local government bond to LGFV debt swap program has
been carried out as planned, resulting in a sharp tightening
of LGFV bond spreads in weaker regions. As such, we expect
the Guangzhou government to proactively provide sufficient
and forthcoming support to GZ Metro, if needed.

Key downside risks to our view include: 1) negative
rating actions on China’s sovereign credit due to prolonged
macroeconomic weakness; 2) an aggressive debt-funded
expansion by the company that significantly increases its
leverage; and 3) any sign of a weakening role or declining
government support. Key upside risks for the bonds
include faster-than-expected Fed cuts, improving company
fundamentals, and a strengthening of government ties.

Wuhan Metro Group
UBS credit outlook: Stable
Moody’s/S&P ratings:A3/NR
Analyst coverage: Zixuan Liu

Company updates
Wuhan Metro Group (WH Metro) is 88% owned by the
Wuhan SASAC and 12% owned by the CDB Development
Fund. It is the largest SOE controlled by the Wuhan SASAC
in terms of scale, and the sole entity that constructs and
operates the metro system in Wuhan. Wuhan is a major
city in central China with strong industrial, commercial,
and educational development. While its debt ratio (local
government and LGFV debt-to-GDP) is relatively high at
78%, it has sufficient domestic financial resources to

Asia Pacific bonds

19

1619041_9b0ca082-8df5-4821-8e54-eb8e68ab0716.pdf



support the refinancing needs of its strategically important
local SOEs and LGFVs.

Given WH Metro’s policy role, its metro operation segment
remains loss-making (gross margin of –42% in 2023). In
2023, its resources development business was also adversely
affected by the property downturn, dragging overall gross
margin into negative territory as well. The company is highly
leveraged due to its intensive expansion plan, with total
liabilities-to-total assets at 67%, and EBITDA-to-interest
coverage at 0.1x. Future capex demand remains high given
its sizable projects under construction, which is expected to
strain its credit profile.

Investment view
We have Stable credit outlook on WH Metro and a Fair rating
on its USD bonds. While WH Metro has low profitability and
elevated leverage, we expect it to maintain easy funding
access and a strong debt servicing capability. It is considered
strategically important to the local government, and any
credit concern could raise systemic risk to the local financial
market, in our view.

Since the Politburo meeting in July 2023, when the Chinese
government prioritized defusing heightened LGFV debt
risks, supervision over LGFV debt has been strict. Liquidity
needs are closely monitored and various financial resources
have been allocated to avoid any credit events. In addition,
the local government bond to LGFV debt swap program has
been carried out as planned, resulting in a sharp tightening
of LGFV bond spreads in weaker regions. As such, we expect
the Wuhan government to proactively provide sufficient and
forthcoming support to WH metro, if needed.

Key downside risks to our view include: 1) negative
rating action on China’s sovereign credit due to prolonged
macroeconomic weakness; 2) an aggressive debt-funded
expansion by the company that significantly increases
its leverage; and 3) any sign of weakening policy
role or declining government support. Key upside risks
for the bonds include faster-than-expected Fed cuts,
improving company fundamentals, and a strengthening of
government ties.

Yiwu State-owned Capital Operation
UBS credit outlook: Stable
Moody’s/S&P ratings:Baa3/NR
Analyst coverage: Zixuan Liu

Company updates
Yiwu State-owned Capital Operation (YSCO) is the largest
LGFV that engages in public investments and services
in Yiwu. The company is 85.6% owned by the Yiwu
SASAC, with the remaining stake owned by Zhejiang
Financial Development Company and Yiwu City Digital
Intelligence Industry Development Group. Yiwu, known as

“the capital of small commodity goods,” is a county-level
city in Zhejiang province that recorded a robust 8% y/y
GDP growth and a top-ranking GDP per capita in 2023,
driven by its tertiary industries. YSCO is the most important
platform company under the local government and holds
most of its state-owned assets. Its main business scope
includes market operations, public transportation and water
operations, affordable housing development, and regional
infrastructure construction.

In 2023, YSCO’s total revenue and gross margin jumped
36% and 135%, respectively, driven by a strong recovery
in its small commodity market operation and property
development segments. Thanks to the improving earnings,
the company’s leverage, as measured by debt-to-EBITDA,
declined to 18.8x. YSCO has a strong track record of
receiving government support. Its total subsidies and tax
rebates from 2020 to 2023 reached CNY 8bn, accounting
for close to half of its total EBITDA. EBITDA-to-interest
coverage remained healthy at 2.2x. YSCO has multiple
funding channels, thanks to abundant financial resources in
the city, including banks and micro-lending companies. The
company also has easy access to onshore and offshore debt
capital markets.

Investment view
We have a Stable credit outlook on YSCO and a Fair rating
on its USD bonds. The company is expected to continue
carrying out its strategic role in Yiwu’s development. Yiwu’s
municipal government has strong control and oversight over
its daily operations, strategy, and personnel appointments.
Any credit concern with the company could raise systemic
risk in the local financial market, in our view.

Since the Politburo meeting in July 2023, when the Chinese
government prioritized defusing heightened LGFV debt
risks, supervision over LGFV debt has been strict. Liquidity
needs are closely monitored and various financial resources
have been allocated to avoid any credit events. In addition,
the local government bond to LGFV debt swap program has
been carried out as planned, resulting in a sharp tightening
of LGFV bond spreads in weaker regions. As such, we expect
Yiwu’s government to proactively provide sufficient support
to YSCO, if needed.

Key downside risks to our view include: 1) negative
rating action on China’s sovereign credit due to prolonged
macroeconomic weakness; and 2) any sign of a weakening
policy role or declining government support. Key upside risks
for the bonds include improving company fundamentals,
and a strengthening of government ties.

Asia Pacific bonds

20

1619041_9b0ca082-8df5-4821-8e54-eb8e68ab0716.pdf



Chongqing Nan’an Urban Construction and
Development Group
UBS credit outlook: Deteriorating
Moody’s/S&P ratings:NR/NR
Analyst coverage: Zixuan Liu

Company updates
Chongqing Nan’an Urban Construction and Development
Group (CQNA) is the largest LGFV under the government
of the Nan’an district of Chongqing. 92% owned by the
Chongqing Nan’an District Bureau of Finance, the company
holds over 70% of the district’s state-owned assets
and engages in infrastructure construction and primary
land development. Nan’an is a core district that covers
Chongqing’s CBD area. It had GDP growth of 6.7% and
tax income growth of 27.4% in 2023. Chongqing, one of
China’s four direct-controlled municipalities, is strategically
important in central western China and is known for
its industrial manufacturing of automobiles, electronics,
chemicals, and machinery. Although the municipality’s debt
level is considered high with a local government and LGFV
debt to GDP ratio of 93%, it has a track record of receiving
significant fiscal support from the central government.

CQNA was commissioned by the local government to carry
out capital intensive infrastructure projects and shantytown
renovation projects that the government will pay back over
a period of time. As a result, the company was stuck with
a high debt-to-EBITDA of 33x in 2022 and 28x in 2023.
Thanks to government backing, however, the company
has easy funding access with onshore and offshore bond
financing and bank loans accounting for 60% and 37% of
its total debt, respectively. This is expected to compensate
for its rising liquidity risk as its cash-to-short term debt
coverage fell to 17% in 2023 (from 67% in 2022).

Investment view
We have a Deteriorating credit outlook on CQNA given
Chongqing’s high leverage and challenging financing
situation for LGFVs in general. We think its USD bonds
are trading at a Fair range. Despite its high leverage,
the company’s business model allows it to maintain an
important policy role for the local government and receive
solid financial support. The company has a track record of
receiving subsidies in the CNY 400–500mn range annually,
consisting of over 60% of its EBITDA. Any credit concern
over the company could raise systemic risk in the local
financial market, in our view.

Since the Politburo meeting in July 2023, when the Chinese
government prioritized defusing heightened LGFV debt
risks, supervision over LGFV debt has been strict. Liquidity
needs are closely monitored and various financial resources
have been allocated to avoid any credit events. In addition,
the local government bond to LGFV debt swap program has
been carried out as planned, resulting in a sharp tightening

of LGFV bond spreads in weaker regions. As such, we expect
the Chongqing government to proactively provide sufficient
support to CQNA, if needed.

Key downside risks to our view include: 1) negative
rating action on China’s sovereign credit due to prolonged
macroeconomic weakness; 2) a further deterioration of the
local government’s fiscal conditions; and 3) any sign of a
weakening policy role or declining government support.
Key upside risks for the bonds include improving company
fundamentals, and a strengthening of government ties.

China AMCs

Figure 19 - China AMCs covered in this report
and their respective credit views

Source: UBS. Please see the back of the report for the definition of risk
flags

Table 3 - Key financial & credit metrics (as of
end-2023)

Source: Company, UBS

China Cinda Asset Management Company
UBS credit outlook: Deteriorating
Moody’s/S&P ratings: Baa1/BBB+
Analyst coverage: Zixuan Liu

Company updates
China Cinda Asset Management Company (Cinda AMC)
is the largest distressed asset manager in China in terms
of total assets (CNY 1.6tr as of 2023). It is 58% owned
by the Ministry of Finance, was the first among the four
major AMCs to be listed on the HKEX, and has remained
the best-in-class among its peers, in our view. In 2023, net
profit fell 3.3% to CNY 7bn, following a 44.4% decline in
2022. Income from restructured distressed assets decreased
by 40% in 2023 as management proactively reduced the
underlying asset balance by a similar magnitude in order to
cut the portfolio’s credit risk.

The asset quality of Cinda AMC’s core distressed debt assets
remains under pressure, in our view. This is reflected in the
decreasing return on disposal-type distressed assets (from
high-teens to 7.4% in 2023), and the heightened impaired
asset ratio of its restructured distressed assets (13.7% in
2023). The proportion of impaired stage 3 assets also surged

Asia Pacific bonds

21

1619041_9b0ca082-8df5-4821-8e54-eb8e68ab0716.pdf



from 10.3% to 16.9%, alongside a significant increase in
stage 2 assets (those with significant deterioration since
origination). That said, Cinda AMC’s overall exposure to the
property sector is around 25.7%, materially lower than three
years ago.

In 2023, Cinda AMC managed to decrease its risk-
weighted assets by 4.2% to CNY 697bn. This supported
the company’s capital position, with its CET1 ratio, Tier 1
ratio, and total capital adequacy ratio (CAR) rising to 11.8%,
16.5%, and 18%, respectively.

Investment view
We think Cinda AMC has maintained its best-in-class
position among the distressed asset managers given
its sufficient capital buffer and lower property sector
concentration. Despite a Deteriorating credit outlook, its
bond performance will likely be supported by strong
technicals. We are comfortable with our Fair rating on its
senior bonds.

Key downside risks to our view include: 1) negative
rating action on China’s sovereign credit due to prolonged
property sector and macroeconomic weakness; and 2)
weaker-than-expected government support for the AMCs
via favorable shareholder restructuring or equity injections.
Key upside risks for the bonds include improving
company fundamentals resulting from stronger-than-
expected recovery in China’s property sector, and a
strengthening of government ties.

China Orient Asset Management Company
UBS credit outlook: Deteriorating
Moody’s/S&P ratings: Baa2/BBB
Analyst coverage: Zixuan Liu

Company updates
China Orient Asset Management Company (Orient AMC)
ranks second in terms of total assets (CNY 1.3tr as of
2023) among the four major AMCs. It is 72% owned by
the Ministry of Finance. Besides its core distressed asset
management business, insurance and banking businesses
make up a substantial part of its revenue and assets.

In 2023, Orient AMC’s operating income and net profit
were down 48% and 32%, respectively, squeezed by flat
revenue growth and higher insurance costs (+17%). Credit
impairment losses were impressively low at 6bps of its credit
exposures (vs. 52bps in FY22 and 138bps in FY21), and total
provisioning was stable for both loans to customers (4.6%)
and debt assets (5.9%). The company also saw asset quality
deteriorate, in line with a general trend among its peers,
with the non-performing asset (overdue for longer than a
year) ratio climbing to 9.1% from 7.7% in FY22 and 6% in
FY21. That said, quality remains relatively healthy compared
to the three other major AMCs. The total capital adequacy

ratio improved from 13.8% in FY22 to 14.8%, above the
regulatory requirement, but the CET1 ratio is undisclosed.

Investment view
Orient AMC’s fundamentals have shown reasonable
resilience over the past two years, when AMCs were
required to focus on their core business and de-risk.
Despite the non-disclosure of its CET1 ratio and other key
metrics, the company’s bonds are trading close to Cinda
AMC’s, reflecting high investor conviction in government
support. We have a Fair rating on Orient AMC’s USD
curve, and believe in a smooth execution of any shareholder
restructuring, if there is one.

Key downside risks to our view include: 1) negative
rating action on China’s sovereign credit due to prolonged
property sector and macroeconomic weakness; and 2)
weaker-than-expected government support to the AMCs
via favorable shareholder restructuring or equity injections.
Key upside risks for the bonds include improving
company fundamentals resulting from stronger-than-
expected recovery in China’s property sector, and a
strengthening of government ties.

China CITIC Financial Asset Management Company
(formerly Huarong AMC)
UBS credit outlook: Deteriorating
Moody’s/S&P ratings: Ba1/BBB-
Analyst coverage: Zixuan Liu

Company updates
China CITIC Financial Asset Management Company (CITIC
FAMC) is a major distressed asset manager in China. Its
largest shareholder is CITIC Group (26.5%), followed by the
Ministry of Finance (25%). It was listed on HKEX in 2014
following Cinda AMC’s listing. Following an aggressive
expansion before 2018, the company’s accumulated high
risk has weighed on its profitability over the past few
years. From 2018 onwards, the company turned its focus
toward its core distressed asset management business
and off-loading non-core businesses. As of end-2023, the
company’s total assets fell to CNY 962bn (vs. CNY 1.7tr
in 2018) and income earning assets stabilized around CNY
542.5bn.

CITIC FAMC reported marginally positive net profit in 2023
(vs. CNY –33.4bn in 2022), largely attributable to the one-
off paper gains from its investments in China Everbright
Bank and CITIC Limited, as well as bond repurchases at
below par. The core business, however, remained loss-
making. Weak asset quality remains our top concern. The
softness is evident in its elevated impairment losses, which
accounted for 6.1% of total income earning assets (vs.
5.1% in 2022 and 1.3% in 2021). The proportion of stage 3
assets to its total cash flow generating debt instruments also
stayed high at 46.4%. Similar to Cinda AMC, the company

Asia Pacific bonds

22

1619041_9b0ca082-8df5-4821-8e54-eb8e68ab0716.pdf



reduced its property exposure by 12% to CNY 104bn (49%
in its core restructured distressed assets).

Helped by a return to positive profit, CITIC FAMC managed
to improve its CAR to 15.11% in 2023 (from 15.07% in
2022), above the regulatory requirement of 12.5%. The
company still failed to disclose its CET1 and Tier 1 capital
ratios, which we believe comes with implicit consent from
the regulators.

Investment view
Looking ahead, we think the company’s capitalization
remains vulnerable as its core operations still struggle to turn
a positive profit. That said, the risk is manageable given the
company’s access to onshore funding, in our view, and we
expect support from its parent or the government to remain
forthcoming for it to meet capital adequacy requirements.
We have a Fair rating on its curve.

Key downside risks to our view include: 1) negative
rating action on China’s sovereign credit due to prolonged
property sector and macroeconomic weakness; and
2) weaker-than-expected government support for the
AMCs via favorable shareholder restructuring or equity
injections. Key upside risks for the bonds include
improving company fundamentals resulting from stronger-
than-expected recovery in China’s property sector, capital
replenishment by strategic investors, and a strengthening of
government ties.

China Great Wall Asset Management Company
UBS credit outlook: Deteriorating
Moody’s/S&P ratings: NR/NR
Analyst coverage: Zixuan Liu

Company updates
China Great Wall Asset Management Company (Great Wall
AMC) is the smallest in terms of total assets (CNY 554mn
as of 2023) among the four major AMCs. It is 73% owned
by China’s Ministry of Finance. The company delayed its
FY22 reporting by a year, adding to concerns over the asset
quality risk of the AMC complex. In the fiscal year, the
company incurred CNY 23.5bn of fair value losses on assets
and CNY 20.8bn of credit impairment losses (+48% y/y from
an already-high base in FY21). The net loss came to CNY
45.4bn, nearly wiping out the company’s entire capital base.
While it did report a net profit in FY23 (CNY 1.8bn) as asset
valuations and credit impairments stabilized, the company’s
capitalization remained under substantial pressure. Great
Wall AMC did not disclose its capital adequacy ratios for
either FY22 or FY23, which we believe likely fell below
regulatory requirements to single-digit levels.

In addition, concerns over its asset quality persist. In
FY22 and FY23, the company aggressively raised its total
provisioning for debt investments to 31% and 37%,

respectively, compared to 11% for its peer Orient AMC.
This reflects its weak asset quality amid China’s property
downturn (the stage 3 asset ratio is undisclosed).

Investment view
We think a capital replenishment is needed for Great Wall
AMC. This can be done by introducing new shareholders
that provide a fresh capital injection. In January, S&P
suggested that a shareholder restructuring was being
considered, which had led to the delay in financial
reporting. We think regulators will stay accommodative in
the restructuring process and ensure Great Wall AMC’s
credit is intact, similar to the approach taken for Huarong
AMC in 2022. This was evidenced by the calling of Great
Wall AMC’s CNY 10bn onshore Tier 2 bond in May 2023 at
a time when the company was already short of capital. We
expect a relatively smooth capital restoration by shareholder
restructuring and limited market volatility for its bonds. As
such, we maintain our Fair rating on Great Wall AMC’s USD
curve.

Key downside risks to our view include: 1) negative
rating action on China’s sovereign credit due to prolonged
property sector and macroeconomic weakness; and 2)
weaker-than-expected government support to the AMCs
via favorable shareholder restructuring or equity injections.
Key upside risks for the bonds include improving
company fundamentals resulting from stronger-than-
expected recovery in China’s property sector, capital
replenishment by strategic investors, and a strengthening of
government ties.

China's state-owned property developers

Figure 20 - China state-owned developers
covered in this report and their respective credit
views

Source: UBS. Please see the back of the report for the definition of risk
flags

Table 4 - Key financial & credit metrics (as of
end-2023)

Source: Company, UBS

Asia Pacific bonds

23

1619041_9b0ca082-8df5-4821-8e54-eb8e68ab0716.pdf



China Overseas Land & Investments
UBS credit outlook: Deteriorating
Moody’s/S&P ratings: Baa2/A-
Analyst coverage: Daniel Tam

Company updates
S&P has upgraded China Overseas Land & Investments
(COLI) from BBB+ to A-, citing the potential for indirect
state support to enable the company to maintain its
smooth funding channels and business profile, while
purchasing land and investing in commercial properties
amid the industry downturn. COLI was one of China's
top three real estate developers in 2023, with high
exposure to first- and second-tier cities. It is 56% owned
by China State Construction Engineering Corp, which
in turn is 56.3% owned by central government-owned
China State Construction Engineering Corporation. COLI
reported strong 2023 results, with higher earnings, lower
leverage, and strong liquidity. Revenue, EBITDA, and net
profit increased by 12.3%, 8.5%, and 10.1% in 2023.
Better earnings strengthened EBITDA/interest to 3.5x (2022:
3.2x), resulting in a positive operating cash flow of CNY
35.3bn (2022: –CNY 10.5bn) and a positive free cash flow
of CNY 21.8bn in 2023. Total and net debt declined by 4.7%
and 5.1%, respectively, lowering net debt/equity to 39%
(45% in 2022), while unrestricted cash covered 2.6x of its
short-term debt (2022: 2.8x). The average borrowing cost
was 3.55%, among the lowest in the industry.

Investment view
COLI ranked first in land acquisition value in 2023, of
which first-tier cities accounted for 62.4%. These newly
acquired projects should support more robust sales growth
and higher profitability in the medium term. The company’s
contracted sales outperformed the average 100 developers,
increasing 5.1% to CNY 309.8bn in 2023 and declining
17.6% y/y to CNY 148.4bn in 1H24. COLI's liquidity is
strong, supported by healthy recurrent income generated
from its investment property portfolio and good access to
capital market and bank financing. The company has a CNY
15bn onshore corporate bond quota and raised CNY 3bn
in late April by issuing 3-year and 5-year bonds at a cost
of around 2.68%. The company has also announced a USD
4bn offshore medium-term note (MTN) program, which
would make it the first Chinese real estate developer to tap
the offshore bond market in 2024.

Key downside risks to our view include a further weakness
in property sales in upper-tier cities, more aggressive land
acquisitions, and weakened access to capital markets. A key
upside risk for the bonds is faster-than-expected recovery in
property sales.

China Resources Land (CRL)
UBS credit outlook: Deteriorating
Moody’s/S&P ratings: Baa1/BBB+
Analyst coverage: Daniel Tam

Company updates
China Resources Land (CRL) is 59.6% owned by China
Resources Holdings, which in turn is wholly owned by the
central government. The company has one of the largest
and highest-quality investment property portfolios in the
Chinese real estate sector. It had 76 shopping malls at the
end of 2023 and will have another 16 malls by end-2024.
Strong recurrent income covered 1.08x of gross interest
expenses, plus dividend payments in 2023. CRL reported
solid 2023 results, with higher earnings, lower leverage,
and healthy liquidity. Revenue, EBITDA, and net profit
increased by 21.3%, 27.7%, and 15.2%, respectively, in
2023. Robust earnings strengthened EBITDA/interest to 4.9x
(2022: 4.2x) and lowered total debt/EBITDA to 4.6x (2022:
5.5x). Operating cash flow increased to CNY 47.4bn (2022:
CNY 1.2bn), while free cash flow narrowed to negative
CNY 3.5bn (2022: –CNY 49.2bn). CRL ranked third in land
acquisition value in 2023, and we believe the company can
achieve positive free cash flow in 2024 by slowing down its
pace of land acquisition.

Investment view
CRL’s contracted sales decreased 24.3% to CNY 228bn in
2023, but increased 33% y/y to CNY 120.9bn in 1H24.
Rental income increased 26% to CNY 4.4bn in 2023. The
company raised CNY 6.9bn through a REIT listing in 2023
and is expected to list more REITs to control its leverage in the
medium term. The company raised a CNY 5.9bn corporate
bond with a cost of 2.5% in May 2024 and is planning to
issue CNY 4.2bn worth of asset-backed securities (ABS). We
expect the company’s financial profile to remain solid in the
medium term, as a result of its strong access to the capital
market.

Key downside risks to our view include a weaker-
than-expected sales performance, over-aggressive land
acquisition, and weaker access to funding. A key upside risk
for the bonds is faster-than-expected recovery in property
sales.

Yuexiu Property
UBS credit outlook: Deteriorating
Moody’s/S&P ratings: Ba1/NR
Analyst coverage: Daniel Tam

Company updates
Yuexiu Property is 43.4% owned by Guangzhou Yue Xiu
Holdings (GYX) and 19.9% by Guangzhou Metro Group;
the Guangzhou government wholly owns the latter two
companies. Yuexiu Property holds 41.4% of Yuexiu Real

Asia Pacific bonds

24

1619041_9b0ca082-8df5-4821-8e54-eb8e68ab0716.pdf



Estate Investment Trust (REIT) and 66.9% of Yuexiu Services
Group. GYX provides guarantees on Yuexiu Property's
onshore bonds. First-tier cities account for 48% of the total
land bank.

Yuexiu Property reported weak 2023 results, with lower
earnings, higher leverage, and slightly weaker liquidity.
Revenue increased 10.8%, but EBITDA and net profit
declined 29.9% and 25.5%, respectively, on narrowed
gross margin and revaluation loss of investment properties.
Weaker earnings lowered EBITDA/interest to 1.8x (2022:
2.4x), while total debt/EBITDA rose to 13x (2022: 7.7x).
Operating cash flow increased to CNY 8.6bn (2022: CNY
3.7bn), while free cash flow turned to a positive CNY 6.5bn
(2022: –CNY 5.2bn). The aggressive land acquisition raised
the total and net debt by 18.2% and 9.6%, raising net debt/
equity to 68.7% (2022: 62.7%), despite a HKD 8bn rights
issue. Also, unrestricted cash/short-term debt declined to
1.3x (2022: 1.4x).

Investment view
Yuexiu’s contracted sales increased 13.9% to CNY 142bn
in 2023, but declined 33.8% y/y to CNY 55.4bn in 1H24.
With more projects to launch in 2H24 and the company's
high exposure to first-tier cities, the company’s 2H24 sales
should be stronger than in 1H24. Benefiting from its state-
owned background, Yuexiu maintains good access to the
capital market. The company issued CNY 6.9bn in onshore
bonds and CNY 510mn in offshore CNY bonds in 2023. It
also issued CNY 700mn in offshore CNY bonds in January
2024 and a CNY 1.7bn 3-year green bond in July.

Key downside risks to our view include a weaker-
than-expected sales performance, over-aggressive land
acquisition, and weaker access to funding. A key upside risk
for the bonds is faster-than-expected recovery in property
sales.

Yuexiu Real Estate Investment Trust
UBS credit outlook: deteriorating
Moody’s/S&P ratings: Ba2/BBB-
Analyst coverage: Daniel Tam

Company updates
Yuexiu Real Estate Investment Trust (REIT) is 42.6% owned
by Yuexiu Property. Yuexiu REIT owns and operates a
portfolio of 10 properties, of which Guangzhou accounted
for 70% of its leasable area in 2023. The office, wholesale,
retail, and hotel/serviced apartment segments accounted for
68.5%, 10.5%, 9.3%, and 11.7% of total net property
income last year.

Yuexiu REIT reported a mixed set of 2023 results, with
a significant reduction in net loss, but funding costs and
leverage remained high. Revenue and EBITDA increased
11.4% and 9.7%, respectively, while net loss fell sharply to

CNY 4mn (2022: CNY 511mn loss). By replacing high-cost
HKD/USD debt with lower-cost CNY-denominated debt, the
company’s interest expense declined 29.7%, with EBITDA/
interest strengthening to 1.2x (2022: 0.8x). The proportion
of CNY-denominated borrowings increased to 39% of
total borrowings at end-2023, up from 6% a year earlier.
Leverage increased, with gross and net debt rising 1.7%
and 1.5%, respectively, while gross debt/assets edged up to
46.2% (2022: 45.5%). The company’s average funding cost
rose to a record 4.6% in 2023 (2022: 3.05%).

Investment view
Yuexiu REIT is highly exposed to the office segment, which is
suffering from rising supply and declining occupancy rates.
As a result, Yuexiu REIT's earnings are expected to remain
weak in the near term. The management aims to replace
more HKD/USD debt with onshore loans to further reduce its
interest costs, and may consider disposing non-core assets
to lower its leverage. Yuexiu REIT's liquidity is inadequate,
in our view, with cash/short-term debt at a record low of
24% (2022: 31%) because it has to pay out most of its
distributable income as dividends. However, the company's
weak liquidity is mitigated by its good track record of
refinancing maturing debt over the past few years and
strong banking relationships, owing to its good asset quality
and state-ownership background. We think the company is
also likely to receive parent support, if necessary.

Key downside risks to our view include further weakness
in the office rental segment, higher USD and HKD interest
rates, and weaker access to funding. A key upside risk for
the bonds is faster-than-expected recovery in property sales.

China tech

Figure 21 - China tech issuers covered in this
report and their respective credit views

Source: UBS. Please see the back of the report for the definition of risk
flags

Asia Pacific bonds

25

1619041_9b0ca082-8df5-4821-8e54-eb8e68ab0716.pdf



Table 5 - Key financial & credit metrics (the latest
full year)

Source: Company reports, UBS. FY2024 for Alibaba and Lenovo

Alibaba Group Holding Limited
UBS credit outlook: Stable
Agency ratings: A1/A+
Analyst coverage: Eve Li

Company updates
Alibaba is the largest retail commerce e-company globally
by gross merchandise value (GMV). Its Taobao and Tmall
e-commerce platforms are household names in China.
Founded in 1999 by Jack Ma and other partners,
the company has evolved and cultivated an integrated
ecosystem around its value chain, enabling purchase,
payment, and order fulfillment for online shopping. Beyond
domestic and overseas e-commerce, Alibaba also runs
cloud, local services, digital media, and other online
businesses.

In FY24 (fiscal year ended 31 March 2024), its total revenue
increased 8% to CNY 941bn, and adjusted EBITA grew
12% to CNY 165bn. The company has seen some progress
made across its core businesses after several quarters of
adjustments. In the 4QFY24, its Taobao and Tmall Group
(TTG) achieved double-digit y/y growth in GMV. That said,
TTG’s revenue growth was much slower at 4% y/y during
the quarter due to a mix shift toward Taobao and its
lower take rate. The segment EBITA margin also decreased
to 41% (from 46% in 3QFY24) on higher subsidies
and incentives. According to management, the company
will gradually introduce new monetization mechanisms in
2HFY25, which will attract more SME merchants and drive
its customer management revenue (CMR). The international
commerce segment (AIDC) continued to report strong
revenue growth of 45% y/y in 4QFY24, accounting for
11% of the consolidated revenues. That said, its EBITA
margin deteriorated to –15% (from –11% in 3QFY24), led
by increased overseas investment on user acquisition and
logistics capacity. The cloud intelligent group continued to
generate positive EBITA, albeit at a narrower margin of 6%
(vs. 8% in 3QFY24).

The company maintained a stable total debt of CNY 205bn
(including operating lease) and a strong net cash position

of CNY 366bn (including short-term investments and equity
investments) as of end-March 2024. Debt to adjusted
EBITDA was stable at 1.1x, based on our calculations. We
expect its shareholder returns and investment needs to
be fully covered by its strong cash flow over the next 24
months.

Investment view
We think the latest quarterly results are slightly credit
positive for Alibaba, given the signs of improving GMV
and effectiveness of its strategy shift. Supported by the
solid credit fundamentals, we think investors can still seek
exposure to this quality credit and may prudently extend
duration based on portfolio suitability amid expectations of
falling interest rates.

Key risks to our view include 1) higher US Treasury rates
for longer; 2) a weaker-than-expected Chinese economy,
leading to tepid consumption and online marketing
demand; 3) higher-than-expected investments to defend
competition that result in substantially weaker margins on
a sustained basis.

Tencent Holdings Limited
UBS credit outlook: Stable
Agency ratings: A1/A+
Analyst coverage: Eve Li

Company updates
Tencent is China’s leading internet services company,
providing services across communications and social
networks, online games, digital content, online advertising,
fintech, cloud, and more. MIH Internet Holdings, controlled
by Naspers Limited, is the largest shareholder with a 25.0%
stake. Ma Huateng, the chairman and CEO of the company,
held 8.5% of the company as of end-2023.

In 1Q24, Tencent reported a strong set of results. Total
revenue increased 6% y/y to CNY 160bn, mainly supported
by the strong rebound in online advertising (+26% y/y to
CNY 26.5bn), while fintech and business services’ growth
slowed to 7% y/y on moderated offline consumption.
Online gaming revenue was stable at CNY 48bn, with
domestic games down 2% y/y on a high base and
international games up 3% y/y. Tencent has focused on
both revitalizing its existing titles and launching new games.
There’re some early signs of progress, with deferred revenue
increasing 10% y/y in 1Q24. DnF Mobile, launched on 21
May, also ranked top in terms of grossing.

With continuous cost discipline and more contribution from
high-margin businesses, Tencent’s gross margin improved
to 53% in 1Q24 (compared to 45% in 1Q23 and 50%
in 3Q23). The company further strengthened its net cash
position, with CNY 71bn in net cash as of end-March 2024

Asia Pacific bonds

26

1619041_9b0ca082-8df5-4821-8e54-eb8e68ab0716.pdf



considering operating leases. It also maintained a sizable
investment portfolio of CNY 917bn, consisting of listed
and unlisted investments. We estimate its gross leverage
improved to 1.5x, and LTM interest coverage ratio also
expanded to 20.5x. According to management, Tencent has
no plans to issue convertible bonds as its strong cash flow
can sufficiently fund capex, share buybacks, and dividends.

Investment view
We think the 1Q24 results and recent developments
further solidify Tencent’s foundation for further growth. The
company has upgraded its ad tech platform and introduced
AI tools to advertisers. Together with an 80% increase
in user time spent, video ccounts' advertising revenue
doubled in the quarter. Mini games also further ramped up,
with gross receipts growing 30% y/y. These high-margin
businesses will support a blended margin expansion for the
company compared to previous years, in our view. Also,
considering its strong cash flows and prudent investment
approach, we expect Tencent to maintain a solid credit
profile over the next 12–24 months. We think Tencent’s
bonds are suitable for quality credit exposure, and we hold
some attractive calls along the curve.

Key risks to our view include 1) higher US Treasury rates for
longer; and 2) unexpected regulation changes that lead to
significant profitability erosion.

Baidu Inc.
UBS credit outlook: Stable
Agency ratings: A3/NR
Analyst coverage: Eve Li

Company updates
Founded in 2000, Baidu is a leading internet company in
China providing services such as search, cloud, intelligent
driving, and smart devices. Baidu is also a leading Chinese AI
company, launching its generative AI model ERNIE in August
2023. In addition to the core businesses (Baidu Core), the
company has also consolidated its 45.4%-owned subsidiary
iQIYI (as of February 2024), a leading online video platform
with over 100mn average daily subscribing members in
2023. As of end-January 2024, chairman, CEO and co-
founder Robin Yanlong Li held an 18.2% stake and 59.3%
of the voting power in Baidu.

In 1Q24, Baidu reported CNY 31.5bn in total revenues,
+1.2% y/y. For Baidu Core, total revenue grew 4% y/y
to CNY 23.8bn. The revenue growth of online marketing
decelerated to 2.7% y/y in the quarter, compared to 6.4% y/
yin 4Q23. The weaker performance was due to weak macro,
despite incremental contributions from AI advertising (CNY
700mn, 4% of core ads). Management said that 11% of the
search pages are loaded with AI content. Cloud remained
a bright spot, with a 12% y/y revenue growth and a 7%

contribution from AI cloud (vs. 5% in 4Q23). For iQIYI,
total revenue declined 5% y/y to CNY 7.9bn, mainly due
to a 13% y/y fall in membership services revenue. Thanks
to continuous cost discipline, the consolidated reported
EBITDA was 1.2% y/y higher on a stable margin. Baidu
maintained a strong net cash position of CNY 91bn. We
estimate its adjusted debt/LTM EBITDA rose slightly to 2.5x
in 1Q24, from 2.4x in 2023.

Investment view
Due to its soft advertising outlook and the current
insignificant revenue contribution from AI, we see limited
room for Baidu’s leverage to trend significantly lower this
year. The company has guided for weaker advertising
revenues in 2Q and 3Q due to the ongoing transition of its
AI search. That said, we expect the company to maintain
its strong net cash position and expect a stable credit rating
trajectory over the next 12 months. We have attractive calls
on Baidu's 2025 bonds. For its mid-to-longer tenor bonds,
we think their valuation looks less appealing compared to
the higher-rated Tencent and Alibaba, after the meaningful
spread compression YTD.

Key risks to our view include 1) higher US Treasury
rates for longer; 2) unexpected geopolitical events, such
as US sanctions, that weaken market sentiment materially
or create forced selling; and 3) a weaker-than-expected
Chinese economy, leading to tepid online marketing
demand.

Meituan
UBS credit outlook: Stable
Agency ratings: Baa3/BBB
Analyst coverage: Eve Li

Company updates
Meituan is a leading one-stop local service platform in
China. By gross transaction value (GTV), Meituan is China’s
largest on-demand food delivery operator, with a market
share of nearly 70%. This leadership has enabled it to
explore cross-selling opportunities and expand into in-store,
hotel, and travel businesses, as well as new initiatives.

In 1Q24, Meituan’s revenue increased 25% y/y to CNY
73.3bn, supported by strong growth in both its core local
commerce and new initiatives segments. Operating profit
soared 45% y/y to CNY 5.2bn, thanks to a significant loss
reduction in new initiatives. The segment’s operating loss
narrowed to CNY 2.8bn in 1Q24, compared to CNY 4.8bn
in 4Q23, supported by the improving efficiency of Meituan
Select. Also, reported EBITDA grew 29% y/y to CNY 8.1bn
on a slightly higher margin of 11%. During the quarter,
Meituan’s on-demand delivery order volume grew 28% y/
y. It also launched a new model called Branded Satellite
Stores that enables well-known chain restaurants to open

Asia Pacific bonds

27

1619041_9b0ca082-8df5-4821-8e54-eb8e68ab0716.pdf



delivery-only stores. We think such initiatives, together with
its Pinhaofan model, could further drive volume growth.
For the in-store business, management expects to maintain
healthy GTV growth and more rational competition from
competitors.

Moody’s and S&P both revised Meituan’s outlook to Positive
from Stable this year, reflecting its faster-than-expected
deleveraging trend. Meituan’s adjusted total debt decreased
13% q/q to CNY 53bn as of March 2024. We estimate its
adjusted debt/LTM EBITDA improved to 2.1x, from 2.5x as
of end-2023. The company also maintained a strong net
cash position of CNY 86bn. In June, Meituan announced the
intention to repurchase up to USD 2bn of shares from the
open market. Year-to-date, the company has repurchased
around USD 1bn under its previous share buyback program.
We think the company has sufficient liquidity to fund share
buybacks, and it may also tap the USD bond market for
additional liquidity amid the convertible bonds puttable in
April 2025 and USD bonds due October 2025.

Investment view
We expect Meituan to post solid EBITDA growth this
year, thanks to improving operation efficiencies and
narrowing losses of its new initiatives. That said, the better
outlook is largely priced in by the market, reflected by
the significant spread tightening year-to-date. Meaningful
spread compression from here would require more evidence
in normalized competition and resilient operations amid the
current macro conditions, in our view. We therefore keep
our neutral stance on its bonds.

Key risks to our view include 1) higher US Treasury rates
for longer; 2) a weaker-than-expected Chinese economy,
leading to tepid consumption demand; and 3) the loss of
market-leading position due to competition.

Weibo Corp.
UBS credit outlook: Stable
Agency ratings: Baa2/BBB
Analyst coverage: Eve Li

Company updates
Weibo is a leading social media platform in China. Sina
Corporation (SINA), a leading internet media company in
China, is Weibo’s parent and controlling shareholder with a
37.3% stake and 64.1% voting power.

In 1Q24, Weibo’s top-line of USD 395mn decreased 4%/0%
y/y in USD/CNY terms, with weaker performance in both
advertising and value-added services. Adjusted EBITDA was
3% y/y lower at USD 136mn on a slightly improving margin.
According to management, the growth in online games
and consumer electronics advertisements was offset by the
reduced budget of cosmetics customers due to competition

from short-video platforms. Its user base also shrank slightly,
with MAU and DAU decreasing by 10mn and 2mn to
588mn and 255mn, respectively, from a quarter ago. Value-
added services revenue, mainly membership fees, therefore
decreased 3% y/y to USD 57mn. In terms of outlook,
management expects flat advertising revenues in 2Q24 in
CNY terms, and a pickup in 2H24 driven by the Olympic
Games and the Double 11 shopping festival.

Weibo still kept a net cash position of USD 545mn (including
operating leases) as of end-March 2024. Adjusted debt/LTM
EBITDA was stable q/q at 4.3x, while debt/cap was slightly
higher at 45% (vs. 43%). Of its USD 3.3bn in cash, around
40% was offshore, which can fully cover the USD 800mn
of bonds maturing in July.

In March 2024, Weibo announced USD 200mn in special
dividends payable in May 2024; the amount was the same as
the special dividends paid in 2023. Based on management’s
guidance, Weibo intends to pay regular dividends going
forward.

Investment view
We think Weibo’s healthy cash flow from operations
can support its shareholder returns and manageable
investment needs, assuming insignificant cash leakage to
SINA. According to S&P, SINA turned net cash in 2023,
reducing Weibo’s pressure to upstream cash. The rating
agency in June also affirmed Weibo’s BBB rating with a
Stable outlook.

Amid fierce competition from other social media platforms,
we think Weibo may continue to underperform its peers in
terms of user acquisition and advertising revenue growth.
Its MAU and DAU declined for two consecutive quarters,
though partly reflecting the company’s focus shift from scale
to quality. While we don’t expect a sharp fall in user base
this year, a sustained drop such as an accumulated 10% fall
over a two-year horizon may lead to a reduced rating buffer,
according to S&P. Weibo is trading wider than its BBB-rated
China tech peers, which we think is fair given Weibo’s less
promising business outlook and smaller net cash position.

Key risks to our view include 1) higher US Treasury rates
for longer; 2) higher-than-expected investments to defend
competition that result in substantially weaker margins on
a sustained basis; and 3) unexpected large cash leakage to
SINA.

Asia Pacific bonds

28

1619041_9b0ca082-8df5-4821-8e54-eb8e68ab0716.pdf



Lenovo Group
UBS credit outlook: Stable
Agency ratings: Baa2/BBB
Analyst coverage: Eve Li

Company updates
Lenovo is a leading technology products manufacturer and
services provider globally. Through organic growth as well
as acquisitions over the years, the company has gradually
expanded its product portfolio. It has three reporting
segments: 1) intelligent devices group (IDG), including PCs,
smartphones, tablets, and other smart device businesses;
2) infrastructure solutions group (ISG), including server
and storage products; and 3) solutions and services group
(SSG), including support services and managed services. In
FY24 (fiscal year ended 31 March 2024), IDG, ISG, and
SSG accounted for 73%, 15% and 12%, respectively, of
total revenue before segment eliminations. The operating
margins of IDG, ISG, and SSG were 7.1%, -2.8%, and
20.7%, bringing the group consolidated operating profit
margin (OPM) to 3.5% in FY24 (from 4.3% in FY23).

Specifically, IDG’s revenue was 10% lower at USD 44.6bn,
affected by the excessive channel inventory at the start of
the fiscal year. That said, the year-over-year revenue growth
turned positive for two consecutive quarters from the
December quarter, supported by a rebound in commercial
PC demand and market share gains in various products.
Lenovo expects to maintain its largest PC market share
globally (23% in 4QFY24). ISG’s revenue declined 9% y/y
to USD 9bn amid a sector budget shift away from general-
purpose computing to AI. That said, the revenue resumed q/
q growth for three consecutive quarters and the y/y growth
also turned positive to 15% in the March quarter. While the
segment’s OPM was hurt by R&D, a slow DDR5 transition,
and GPU supply constraints, management is focusing on
the return to profitability. SSG maintained a solid revenue
growth of 12% y/y and the highest OPM among the three
segments.

Due to a 8% decline in group top-line and lower margins,
we estimate Lenovo’s adjusted EBITDA was 17% lower at
USD 3.7bn in FY24. Total debt was 9% lower at USD 4bn
due to the conversion of the 2024 convertible bond and
lower notes outstanding. The company purchased around
USD 136mn in principal amounts across its four USD bonds
during the year. Lenovo has a small net debt of USD 336mn.
Gross and net leverage was slightly higher at 1.1x and
0.1x in FY24, based on our calculation. Using S&P’s rating
methodology, we estimate Lenovo’s adjusted net debt to
EBITDA increased to 0.8x in FY24 (from 0.7x), still below the
downgrade trigger of above 1x.

In May, Lenovo announced it has signed a strategic
collaboration framework agreement with Alat, a wholly-

owned subsidiary of Public Investment Fund (Saudi Arabia
sovereign wealth fund). It will also issue USD 2bn of
three-year zero-coupon convertible bonds to Alat, and net
proceeds will be used for debt repayments as well as
working capital needs. Concurrently, it will issue three-year
1.15bn warrants at an issue price of HKD 1.43 each, with a
similar use of proceeds.

Investment view
We expect Lenovo’s profit and debt metrics to improve
over the next 12–24 months. Among the first to launch
AI PCs, the company foresees a significant replacement
cycle over the next 2–3 years driven by a 50–60% AI PC
penetration rate. The company guides –0.5% to +2.5% y/
y PC shipment growth this year, and 5–10% y/y growth in
2025. In addition, with the launch of AI server products,
it has identified a USD 7bn pipeline and is working on
conversion. The partnership with Alat and the issuance of
CBs also bring business opportunities in MEA as well as
interest expense savings. In terms of valuation, we’re neutral
on Lenovo’s curve after the meaningful spread compression
YTD.

Key risks to our view include 1) rising geopolitical tensions
that impact the export of Lenovo’s PCs from China and
cause a significant increase in capex: and 2) worse-than-
expected business performance and leverage that lead to a
rating downgrade.

Huawei Investment & Holding Co Ltd
UBS credit outlook: Stable
Agency ratings: NR/NR
Analyst coverage: Eve Li

Company updates
Founded in 1987, Huawei is a leading global provider
of information and communications technology (ICT)
infrastructure and smart devices. The company has around
207,000 employees and operates in over 170 countries
and regions. Huawei is a private company wholly owned
by its employees. By region, the home market of China
contributes about 67% of its revenue, followed by EMEA
(21%), Asia Pacific (6%), Americas (5%), and others.

In 2023, Huawei witnessed a decent 10% growth in revenue
to CNY 704bn. The ICT Infrastructure segment continued
to be the largest contributor (51%) and grew 2%. Huawei
serves carrier, government, and enterprise customers, and
continues to lead the industry in technology innovation. Its
consumer segment delivered a strong growth of 17% and
grew its revenue share to 36%. Huawei launched various
smartphone series such as Mate 60, and its HarmonyOS
had been deployed on over 800mn devices by end-2023.
Its intelligent automotive solution segment, while only
accounting for 1% of the group’s revenue, is gaining

Asia Pacific bonds

29

1619041_9b0ca082-8df5-4821-8e54-eb8e68ab0716.pdf



traction. The company cooperates with auto OEMs via
various models to provide intelligent driving components
and solutions. Currently, four Chinese automakers (Seres,
BAIC, Chery, and JAC) are cooperating with Huawei under
the “smart selection” model and some have already
launched models which have been well received by the
market. The segment turned profitable in 1Q24, according
to the company. Huawei is in a strong net cash position, with
CNY 319bn in total debt and USD 476bn in total liquidity
(including short-term investments). The company also has
ample undrawn committed bank facilities and good access
to the onshore bond market. It has issued CNY 9bn in
onshore short-term commercial paper year-to-date at a cost
of 1.8–2.1%.

Investment view
Huawei’s USD bond curve is offering a slight spread pickup
versus its BBB rated tech peers, which we view as fair
given its higher exposure to geopolitical risks. In July, media
reports said that the US has revoked eight more licenses
involving Huawei. That said, the company’s strong R&D
commitments (over 20% of revenue over the past few
years) and continuous technology breakthroughs will likely
reinforce its leading position in the core ICT infrastructure
business and support its expansion into new opportunities.

Key risks to our view include a loss of its market leading
position due to unexpected geopolitical events or intense
competition.

China's privately-owned property developers

Figure 22 - China privately-owned property
issuers covered in this report and their respective
credit views

Source: UBS. Please see the back of the report for the definition of risk
flags

Table 6 - Key financial & credit metrics (latest full
year)

Source: Company reports, UBS

China Jinmao Holdings Group (Jinmao)
UBS credit outlook: Deteriorating
Moody’s/S&P ratings: Ba2/BBB-
Analyst coverage: Daniel Tam

Company updates
China Jinmao's shareholders include Sinochem HK (38.4%),
Ping An Life Insurance (13.2%), and New China Life
Insurance (9.2%). Sinochem HK is 98%-owned by
Sinochem Group, which in turn is 100%-owned by the
central government. As Sinochem Group’s only real estate
platform, it receives operational and financial support
from the former. For example, Sinochem has provided
shareholder loans to Jinmao at below market cost and has
raised its stake in Jinmao by taking dividends in shares
instead of cash. Sinochem HK’s holding in Jinmao rose to
38.4% from 37.1% at the end of 2023, via share purchases
in the secondary market. Sinochem recently tightened its
control over Jinmao by replacing Jinmao's chairman with
its own senior management and appointing an additional
executive director to supervise Jinmao's daily operations and
finances. This suggests that Jinmao will receive stronger
parent support, if necessary. Jinmao reported a weak set of
2023 results, with a net loss, higher leverage, and weaker
liquidity. Revenue and EBITDA declined 12.8% and 53.7%,
respectively, leading to a net loss of CNY 4.9bn in 2023. The
loss mainly stemmed from a lack of fair value gain and a
one-off extraordinary gain in 2022. Sluggish earnings and
higher finance costs weakened EBITDA-to-interest to 0.4x
(2022: 1x) and raised total debt-to-EBITDA to 41.7x (2022:
18.9x). Operating cash flow strengthened to CNY 3.1bn
(2022: CNY 1.8bn), while free cash flow fell to CNY 2.4bn
(2022: CNY 3.6bn).

Investment view
Jinmao's contracted sales declined 8.9% to CNY 141.2bn
in 2023 and 48.2% y/y to CNY 44.5bn in 1H24. The
sluggish sales in 1H24 were partly due to limited new
project launches, and partly because land banks acquired
through city operation projects are mainly located in non-
core areas in upper-tier cities that have weaker demand.
The company has said it will also focus on property
management and rental businesses to increase recurrent
income and offset weaker property sales. Jinmao has good
access to the capital market owing to its strong shareholder
background and good quality assets. The company raised
CNY 15.3bn in 2023 via the issuance of corporate bonds,
medium-term notes (MTNs), and commercial mortgage-
backed securities (CMBS). We are less concerned about
Jinmao's repayment ability, given the expectation that it
will receive extraordinary support from its state-owned
parent, and given the cross-default provisions in Sinochem's
offshore bonds. The company issued a CNY 3bn three-year
onshore unsecured MTN on 17 June at a low funding cost
of 2.8%, suggesting that the company’s financing channels
remain smooth.

Asia Pacific bonds

30

1619041_9b0ca082-8df5-4821-8e54-eb8e68ab0716.pdf



Key downside risks include a sustained decline in
contracted sales and deterioration in free cash flow,
weaker access to funding, and weaker parent support.
Key upside risks include accelerated onshore borrowing
for repaying its offshore debts, and stronger-than-expected
sales performance.

China Vanke Co.
UBS credit outlook: Deteriorating
Moody’s/S&P ratings: Ba3/BB+
Analyst coverage: Daniel Tam

Company updates
China Vanke has announced profit warning for 1H24,
expecting a net loss of CNY 7–9bn attributable to
shareholders. This compares with a net profit of CNY 9.9bn
in 1H23. The company reported a net profit of CNY 331mn
in 1Q24, suggesting that a CNY 6.7–8.7bn loss was incurred
in 2Q24. Vanke said the loss is attributable to lower profit
margins for property sales, impairment losses, and losses
generated from asset disposals and financial investments
in non-core businesses. Vanke has new borrowings of
CNY 60bn and repaid CNY 50bn in 1H24, including three
offshore bonds with a total of CNY 10.5bn (USD 2.1bn) and
three onshore bonds totaling CNY 5bn. Vanke now has just
one onshore bond (CNY 4.3bn) due in 2H24, which can
be repaid via operating cash flows and bridge loans. The
company raised CNY 9.3bn via asset disposals in 1H24, and
plans to list two real estate investment trusts (REITs) backed
by logistic warehouses and affordable housing.

Investment view
China Vanke’s contracted sales declined 9.8% to CNY
376bn in 2023 and 37.6% y/y to CNY 127.3bn in 1H24.
Cash collection in 1H24 was CNY 118.6bn, indicating a cash
collection ratio of 93.2%, lower than the roughly 100% in
1H23. The company will have CNY 39.4bn in debt maturing/
puttable in 2025, including two offshore bonds with a total
of USD 933mn. The company has been in talks with banks
for a club loan of CNY 50bn, which should support its 2025
debt repayment, if banks approve the loans.

Key downside risks include a sustained decline in
contracted sales, failure to raise funds via the issuance
of REITs and secured bank financing, and weaker-than-
expected parent support. Key upside risks include a
sustained recovery in contracted sales and raising more-
than-expected funds through the issuance of REITs.

Greentown China Holdings
UBS credit outlook: Deteriorating
Moody’s/S&P ratings: B1/BB-
Analyst coverage: Daniel Tam

Company updates
Greentown China is 29% owned by state-owned China
Communications Construction Group (CCCG) and 23%
by Wharf Holdings, which acts as a passive financial
investor. CCCG in turn is 90%-owned by the Chinese
government and 10% by the National Social Security Fund
of China, and appoints four of the six executive directors
in Greentown. Greentown reported a mixed set of 2023
results, with weaker earnings, but leverage and liquidity
remain stable. Revenue increased 3.3%, but EBITDA and
net profit declined 31.1% and 24.9%, respectively. The
weaker earnings lowered EBITDA-to-interest to 1.2x (2022:
1.7x) and raised total debt-to-EBITDA to 14.7x (2022:
9.8x). Operating cash flow strengthened to CNY 23bn in
2023 (2022: CNY 14.6bn), turning free cash flow into a
positive CNY 1.2bn in 2023 from a negative CNY 8.9bn
in 2022. Total debt and net debt increased by 3.3% and
2.3%, respectively, but net debt-to-equity remained stable
at 64% (2022: 65%) and unrestricted cash-to-short-term
debt weakened slightly to 1.4x (2022: 1.6x).

Investment view
Greentown’s contracted sales fell 8.8% to CNY 194.1bn in
2023 and 13% y/y to CNY 85.4bn in 1H24, outperforming
its peers. The better sales performance can be attributed
to the company's strong brand name recognition, high-
quality projects, and focus on Hangzhou and the Yangtze
River Delta region, which have more affluent households.
Benefiting from its state-ownership background, the
company also has good access to the onshore capital
market.
Greentown issued CNY 4bn (USD 555.6mn) in onshore
bonds in 1H24, with coupon rates of 4.13–4.38%. The
proceeds were used to buy back USD 450mn in bonds,
including a USD 150mn bond due in December 2024 and
USD 300m due in January 2025. The company will likely
issue more onshore bonds to repay the remaining USD
841mn in offshore bonds that are maturing in 2025.

Key downside risks include further weakness in property
sales, aggressive land acquisitions, and reduced support
from CCCG. Key upside risks include stronger-than-
expected sales and the company being able to issue new
offshore bonds at a reasonable cost.

Asia Pacific bonds

31

1619041_9b0ca082-8df5-4821-8e54-eb8e68ab0716.pdf



Longfor Group Holdings
UBS credit outlook: Deteriorating
Moody’s/S&P ratings:Ba3/BB+
Analyst coverage: Daniel Tam

Company updates
Longfor Group Holdings is a leading privately-owned
residential and commercial property developer. It operates
one of the largest shopping mall portfolios in China,
which support the group’s secured financing. Longfor has
a prudential financial track record and has been prepaying
its debts ahead of maturity to reduce the portion of
short-term debt. Longfor Group reported a mixed set of
2023 results, with lower earnings, stable leverage, and
adequate liquidity. Although revenue declined on sluggish
property sales, liquidity was supported by rising recurrent
income from its investment property portfolio (shopping
malls and rental apartments) and its property management
segment. Longfor’s recurrent income covered 2.8x of
gross interest expense and accounted for 44% of gross
profit in 2023. Recurrent income is set to increase with
more shopping malls and rental apartments commencing
operations. Longfor's operating cash flow rose 70% to CNY
33bn in 2023, resulting in a positive CNY 10.2bn of free
cash flow on reduced land acquisitions.

Investment view
Longfor’s contracted sales fell 9.8% to CNY 114.8bn in
2023 and 41.9% y/y to CNY 38.1bn in 1H24. Despite the
company’s sluggish sales performance, it bought back USD
403mn of its 3.95% 2029 bond, the USD 220mn 3.85%
2032 bond, and the CNY 2.65bn CMBS on 28 June. The
company’s bond buybacks amid sluggish sales performance
suggest the company can adequately manage its liquidity.
Longfor has CNY 4.5bn of onshore bonds maturing in 2H24,
which it should be able to repay on time.

Key downside risks include further weakness in property
sales in upper-tier cities, and more aggressive land
acquisitions. Key upside risks include higher valuation for its
investment property portfolio.

Seazen Holdings/Seazen Group
UBS credit outlook: Deteriorating
Moody’s/S&P ratings: Caa1/B
Analyst coverage: Daniel Tam

Company updates
Seazen Holdings is 61.1% owned by Seazen Group Limited
and accounted for over 95% of its parent’s revenue and
assets in 2023. Seazen Group is 63.3%-owned by founder
Wang Zhenhua, who also holds 68.9% of the property
management company S-Enjoy Service Group. The group
focuses on third- and fourth-tier cities where there is
less commercial property competition. The company is the

second-largest shopping mall operator in China in terms of
the number of shopping malls. Seazen Group reported a
stable revenue and gross profit in 2023, but posted a net
loss as tax payments increased 86% y/y. Despite the net loss,
the group reported positive operating and free cash flows.
Net debt declined 7.3% y/y, lowering net debt-to-equity to
46.7% in 2023 (2022: 51%). Although unrestricted cash-
to-short-term debt fell to 53% in 2023 from 63% in 2022,
the company’s recurrent income covered 46% of short-term
debt, or 2.3x gross interest expense in 2023. Seazen has
160 malls under operation and generated CNY 10.6bn in
rental income in 2023. Management expects rental income
to increase to CNY 12.5bn in 2024, with 12 new malls
commencing operation. Seazen also has 26 shopping malls
under construction.

Investment view
Seazen’s contracted sales declined 34.5% to CNY 76bn
in 2023 and 44.4% y/y to CNY 23.6bn in 1H24. Despite
the sluggish sales performance, the company’s liquidity was
supported by the growing rental income generated from its
shopping mall portfolio and secured financing backed by
the unpledged shopping malls. Seazen raised CNY 400bn
from its shopping mall portfolio in 2022 and 2023 and
still has 46 unpledged shopping malls that can raise CNY
18.4bn (USD 2.5bn). The proceeds should support the
repayment of the CNY 7bn in onshore and offshore bonds
due/puttable in 2024 and CNY 8bn in 2025. Seazen issued
CNY 1.36bn (USD 187mn) of medium-term notes (MTNs)
that are guaranteed by state-owned China Bond Insurance
Corp (CBILC) and backed by the group’s shopping malls.

Key downside risks include a further deterioration in
property sales, weaker rental income from shopping mall
portfolio, and uncertainty whether there will be changes
in the management after the chairman was released from
jail in July. Key upside risks include faster-than-expected
completion of its shopping malls, which can be used for
secured borrowings.

Shui On Land
UBS credit outlook: Deteriorating
Moody’s/S&P ratings: NR/NR
Analyst coverage: Daniel Tam

Company updates
Shui On Land is the largest commercial property landlord
in Shanghai, holding 1.6mn sqm of grade A office space,
shopping spaces, and serviced apartments in the city. The
company also operates in four other cities with total land
bank of 6.2mn sqm. Shanghai and Wuhan account for
31% and 43%, respectively, of the company’s total land
bank, while Foshan, Chongqing, and Nanjing account for
14%, 10% and 2%, respectively. Shui On Land reported
a weak set of 2023 results, with lower earnings, higher
leverage, and weaker liquidity. Revenue, EBITDA, and net

Asia Pacific bonds

32

1619041_9b0ca082-8df5-4821-8e54-eb8e68ab0716.pdf



profit declined 37.3%, 29.2%, and 5.3%, respectively. The
weaker earnings lowered EBITDA-to-interest coverage to
1.7x (2022: 2.9x) and raised total debt-to-EBITDA to 8x
(2022: 5.9x). Operating cash flow remained positive at CNY
1.1bn (2022: CNY 4bn), but free cash flow turned to a
negative CNY 1.3bn (2022: CNY 200mn).

Investment view
The media reported that the company obtained a CNY 4bn
(USD 555.6mn) commercial property loan backed by its
Shanghai Xintiandi project and another CNY 2–3bn loan
backed by the Wuhan Tiandi project. The proceeds should
be sufficient to cover its USD 500mn bond and a USD
100mn offshore loan due in August 2024. Shui On Land has
two projects for pre-sale in Shanghai in 2H24, including one
in Yangpu Binjang with an estimated attributable saleable
value of CNY 2.7bn (USD 375mn), and Taipingqiao Lot 122
with an estimated attributable saleable value of CNY 9.6bn
(USD 1.33bn). The proceeds will be used for the repayment
of its 2025 bond and syndicated loans.

Key downside risks include further weakness in property
sales in Shanghai, smaller-than-expected sales proceeds
for the two Shanghai projects, and larger-than expected
offshore loans. Key upside risks include strong-than-
expected sales for its two Shanghai projects.

Yanlord Land
UBS credit outlook: Deteriorating
Moody’s/S&P ratings: B1/NR
Analyst coverage: Daniel Tam

Company updates
Yanlord Land is a Singapore-listed Chinese property
developer, 73%-owned by the chairman. The company has
a prudent financial track record, with positive operating
and free cash flows over the past five years. The chairman
has been cautious on China's real estate sector since
2022, taking a 10% or below stake in new acquisitions
and acting as constructor and project manager. Yanlord
reported a mixed set of 2023 results, with a net loss and
weaker liquidity, while leverage declined. Revenue increased
51%, but EBITDA declined 10% on lower profitability and
increased impairment loss. The company posted a net loss
of CNY 700mn in 2023, compared with a net profit of
CNY 2.9bn in 2022. Despite the weaker earnings, EBITDA/
interest was unchanged at 2x as a result of lower finance
costs. The company maintained positive operating and free
cash flows. Total debt declined 26% and lowered total debt/
EBITDA to 7x (2022: 8.5x).

Investment view
Yanlord’s contracted sales fell 52% to CNY 32.4bn in
2023 and 47% y/y to CNY 11.2bn in 1H24, owing to a
lack of project launches in Shanghai. The company has an
investment property portfolio which generated around CNY

3.9bn rental income in 2023. Yanlord plans to launch CNY
60bn of projects for sale in 2024 and had CNY 20bn worth
of unpledged investment properties at the end of 2023.
As Yanlord has disposed of a project in Singapore to fund
the repayment of its USD 400mn bond due in April, it now
only has USD 500mn in senior notes due in May 2026. No
onshore and offshore bonds are maturing before the USD
bond. The company is working on a commercial mortgage-
backed security and may also pledge more investment
property projects to support its liquidity.

Key downside risks include further weakness in property
sales and a lack of saleable projects in the coming years after
a significant reduction in land acquisitions over the past two
years. Key upside risks include stronger-than-expected sales
in mainland China and in Singapore.

Others

Far East Horizon
UBS credit outlook: Stable
Agency ratings: NR/BBB-
Analyst coverage: Eve Li

Company updates
Far East Horizon (FEH) is one of the leading financial leasing
companies in China. Under its “finance + industry” strategy,
the company has diversified into industrial operations,
including leasing (Horizon Construction Development, HCD)
and hospital operations Horizon Healthcare). Sinochem
Group is FEH’s largest shareholder, holding a 21.3% stake
as of end-2023.

FEH has delivered steady growth over the past few years
and reported solid results in 2023, with total revenue +4%
to CNY 38bn. Its financial leasing segment (61% of total
revenue) saw largely steady net interest earning assets of
CNY 269bn (-1% y/y) and a net interest income of CNY
12.5bn (-1% y/y). Net interest margin (NIM) faced some
pressure and declined 10bps to 4.58%, while average yield
improved to 8.24% (+24bps). Net interest spread (NIS) was
4bps higher at 3.98% on stable financing costs. Industrial
operations (39% of total revenue) remained a bright spot,
with revenue growing 11% to CNY 14.7bn and gross profit
expanding 16% to CNY 4.8bn on a better margin. In terms
of asset quality, FEH’s non-performing asset (NPA) ratio
continued to trend down to 1.04% (-1bp y/y), and special
mention assets (30 days overdue) accounted for 5.97%
of net interest-earning assets (vs. 7% at end-2022). NPA
provision coverage ratio was still robust at 228%. FEH has
proactively optimized its asset allocation and reduced its
exposure to urban public utility customers to 39.8% (vs.
43.6% in 2020). The segment’s asset quality has been in line

Asia Pacific bonds

33

1619041_9b0ca082-8df5-4821-8e54-eb8e68ab0716.pdf



or better than the company’s average over the past three
years.

For 2024, the company has guided flattish interest-earning
assets amid weak macro and likely delayed investments
by its customers. NIM may continue to trend down, albeit
more resilient than banks', given manageable pressure on
asset yield. The management has also said that Sinochem
has limited incentive to divest its stake in FEH, and there
may be a lack of buyers among the other SOEs. Most of
FEH’s onshore credit lines are granted on a standalone basis.
Note that S&P views FEH as a non-strategic company to
Sinochem and FEH’s rating does not contain any uplift for
group support. In April, FEH announced a plan to distribute
a 25% stake in listed HCD to FEH’s shareholders as a special
dividend. While FEH’s stake in HCD will decrease to below
50% after the transaction, the proposal is overall credit
neutral, in our view.

Investment view
We expect FEH to maintain its market-leading position
and deliver resilient performance thanks to its strong
customer coverage and comprehensive risk management.
The company also maintained diversified funding channels,
including bank loans (61%), bonds (29%), and others as of
end-2023. After the strong performance year-to-date, FEH’s
bonds are trading wider than bank-affiliated lessors which
are generally rated 3–4 notches higher, and tighter than
same-rated asset management companies. We’re currently
neutral on the curve.

Key risks to our view include an unexpected deterioration
in asset quality and a weaker asset yield due to intense
competition.

Asia Pacific bonds

34

1619041_9b0ca082-8df5-4821-8e54-eb8e68ab0716.pdf



Figure 23 - Hong Kong issuers covered in this
report and their respective credit views

Source: UBS. Please see the back of the report for the definition of risk
flags

Table 7 - Key financial & credit metrics (the latest
full year)

Source: Company reports, UBS

Table 8 - Key financial & credit metrics (the latest
full year)

Source: Company reports, UBS

AIA Group
UBS credit outlook: Stable
Moody’s/S&P ratings: A1/A+
Analyst coverage: Zixuan Liu

Company updates
AIA Group (AIA) is a leading life and health insurer in
Asia-Pacific with a strong position in mainland China,
Hong Kong, Malaysia, Singapore, and Thailand. In 2023,
it reported strong top-line growth, with annualized new
premiums (ANP) and value of new business (VoNB) rising
41% and 30%, respectively, on an actual exchange rate
basis. This was primarily driven by a sharp rebound for
mainland China after its reopening (ANP +53% y/y) and a
spike for Hong Kong on a recovery in mainland Chinese
visitor (MCV) customers (ANP +123% y/y). The momentum
extended into 1Q24 and management expects it to
continue, given AIA’s unique value proposition in providing
differentiated healthcare services and wealth management
products for mainlanders, helped by an increasing number
of active agents. The balance of contractual service margins
(CSMs) grew 6% to USD 53.1bn in 2023, coupled with a 6%
gain in investment results. However, the upside was offset by
higher pandemic-related medical claims, resulting in a 2%
contraction in operating profit after tax (OPAT). Net profit,
on the other hand, rose 13%as the impact of the rate hikes
in the US became smaller compared to a year ago.

AIA has maintained strong capitalization. Its group LCSM
coverage ratio (on a prescribed capital requirement basis)
remained materially above the regulatory threshold at
275% after a USD 3.6bn share buyback. Supported by
a strong capital buffer, the company proposed in April
an additional share buyback of USD 2bn in the next 12
months. Management is also committed to maintaining its
shareholder total capital resources to required capital ratio
comfortably above 200%.

Investment view
We like AIA’s dominant position in Asia and vast geographic
diversification. We believe mainland Chinese customers and

Asia Pacific bonds

35

1619041_9b0ca082-8df5-4821-8e54-eb8e68ab0716.pdf



MCVs in Hong Kong will continue to be growth drivers of its
business. We also expect a stable investment performance,
with the global economy appearing likely to achieve a
soft landing. We have an Attractive rating on AIA’s 2.7%
subordinated perpetual note callable in 2026 (YTC at 6.5%),
as we think the non-call risk is low. We have Fair ratings on
other AIA bonds.

Key downside risks to our view include: 1) a sharp
deterioration of economic conditions in mainland China and
Hong Kong that slow down AIA’s VoNB growth; and 2)
aggressive capital management policies (dividend payouts
and share buybacks). A key upside risk for the bonds is
faster-than-expected Fed cuts.

Airport Authority Hong Kong
UBS credit outlook: Stable
Moody’s/S&P ratings: NR/AA+
Analyst coverage: Eve Li

Company updates
The Airport Authority Hong Kong (AAHK) is a statutory body
corporate whose primary function is to provide, operate,
develop, and maintain Hong Kong International Airport
(HKIA). It was established under the Airport Authority
Ordinance and is wholly owned by the Hong Kong
SAR government. Based on expectations for extraordinary
government support, S&P has assigned an AA+ issuer credit
rating to AAHK, the same as the Hong Kong government.

In FY24 (fiscal year ended 31 March 2024), AAHK reported
HKD 13.7bn in total revenue, a 67% y/y increase. The
rebound was mainly supported by the post-COVID recovery
in passenger traffic and retail rental revenue. With a
relatively milder increase in operating expenses, EBITDA
increased to HKD 5.4bn (from HKD 0.8bn in FY23). To fund
its three-runway system (3RS) and SKYCITY projects, AAHK
tapped the US dollar bond market and increased its total
debt (perpetuals as debt) to HKD 123bn as of end-March
2024. Net gearing inched higher to 121%, from 92% a year
ago. While interest expenses were also 39% y/y higher due
to a higher debt burden and larger costs, EBITDA/interest
expenses improved to 1.6x (from 0.3x in FY23). AAHK’s
liquidity is strong, as it has HKD 30.6bn in cash versus HKD
10bn in short-term debt.

In 1Q24, AAHK’s passenger traffic reached 12.7mn, 68% of
its 1Q19 level. The progress was slightly below our previous
expectations, due to delayed capacity normalization from
airlines. Cathay Pacific Airways, which contributed to nearly
half of HKIA’s passenger volumes in 2019, now expects a
full normalization of its passenger capacity by 1Q25 (from
the previous guidance of end-2024).

Investment view
We expect AAHK’s total debt to continue trending higher
due to its large capex commitments, with HKD 46.9bn
outstanding for its 3RS and other projects as of end-
March 2024. That said, with its issuer rating linked to the
Hong Kong government’s rating, we expect a stable rating
trajectory over the next 12 months. Furthermore, AAHK
has maintained smooth funding access and has a back-
loaded maturity profile. Investors can still find decent carry
opportunities along its curve for high grade bond exposure,
in our view. In addition, we still think the call probability at
the first call date is not low for its two perpetuals callable
in 2026 and 2028, given their high coupon reset. We rate
them as Attractive.

Key downside risks to our view include: 1) a further
delayed business recovery, especially in passenger traffic and
retail sales; 2) a larger-than-expected capital expenditure
and higher-than-expected leverage; 3) unexpected events
such as strikes that impact its normal operations; and 4)
a weaker status as an international aviation hub due to
increasing competition from other regional airports.

Cathay Pacific Airways Limited
UBS credit outlook: Stable
Moody’s/S&P ratings: NR/NR
Analyst coverage: Eve Li

Company updates
Cathay Pacific Airways Limited (CX) is the flagship carrier
of Hong Kong. As of end-2023, the company had a fleet
of 230 aircraft, of which 181 were held by Cathay Pacific
(the premium full-service airline), 33 by HK Express (a low-
cost airline), and 16 by Air Hong Kong (an express all-
cargo carrier). CX’s largest shareholder is the Hong Kong
conglomerate Swire Pacific, which acquired the company in
1948 and currently holds a 45% stake. Air China, one of
mainland China’s big three airlines, owns 30%. CX, in turn,
owns a 16% stake in Air China via a cross shareholding.
The rest of CX’s shareholdings include a 10% stake by
Qatar Airways and a 6.5% voting share by the Financial
Secretary Incorporated (representing the Hong Kong SAR
government).

In 2023, CX reported a 85% rebound in revenue to HKD
94.5bn, mainly driven by the jump in passenger revenue
(+329% y/y to HKD 61.4bn, 65% of total revenue) on pent-
up travel demand. Available seat kilometers (ASK) recovered
to 52% of 2019 levels to 85.6bn for the full year, and
revenue passenger kilometers (RPK) soared to 73.3bn (from
14.8bn). Its passenger load factor increased to 85.7% (from
73.6%), while passenger yield normalized and declined
14% y/y to HKD 0.73 (still beyond 2019’s level at HKD
0.55). Its cargo business (27% of total revenue) reported a
lower revenue of HKD 22bn (–18% y/y) as industry supply

Asia Pacific bonds

36

1619041_9b0ca082-8df5-4821-8e54-eb8e68ab0716.pdf



increased and yield continued to normalize (albeit still higher
than pre-COVID levels).

As of end-2023, CX had HKD 20bn in available unrestricted
liquidity, including HKD 4.5bn in undrawn facilities. This
represented a decrease from the highs seen during COVID,
but was flattish compared to the 2019 level. Adjusted net
debt decreased to HKD 41bn, and adjusted net gearing
further improved to 0.69x (from 0.71x in 2022, against 2x
borrowing covenants).

Supported by its strong operating cash flows, the company
repurchased HKD 9.75bn (50%) worth of preference shares
from the government in December 2023. It plans to
repurchase the remaining 50% by end-July 2024. The
company also delivered earlier-than-expected dividends of
HKD 0.43 per ordinary share for FY23. We think the size is
manageable and the resumption of dividends is positive for
Swire Pacific. While CX has 75 aircraft on its order book, we
expect the annual capex to be sufficiently covered by cash
flows over the next few years given supply constraints. 2023
capex was HKD 6.8bn, up from HKD 3.7bn in 2022.

Investment view
We think CX will continue to rebuild its financials along
with the recovery of its businesses. The company expects
a full recovery of passenger flights in 1Q25 (a one-quarter
delay compared to the previous guidance), up from 70% in
December 2023 and 80% in 2Q24. The company’s bonds,
on which we are neutral, are trading at a narrow range
compared to BBB rated Hong Kong issuers.

Key risks to our view include an unexpected deterioration
in passenger flight activities and larger-than-expected capex
activities.

Champion REIT
UBS credit outlook: Deteriorating
Moody’s/S&P ratings: Baa2/NR
Analyst coverage: Eve Li

Company updates
Champion REIT's HKD 69bn commercial property portfolio
is concentrated in Hong Kong, and includes 1) Three Garden
Road (3GR), a Grade A commercial complex consisting of
two office towers (47-storey and 37-storey) in the Central
District; 2) Langham Place Office Tower (LP Office), a 59-
storey Grade A property in Mong Kok; and 3) Langham
Place Mall (LP Mall), a 15-level vertical mall. 3GR remains the
most important property for Champion REIT, accounting for
61% of its total investment properties’ valuation and 56%
of net property income (NPI) in 2023. The company also has
a minority stake of 27% in 66 Shoe Lane in Central London.
Its largest shareholder is Great Eagle Holdings Limited, which
has a 69.2% stake.

Champion REIT reported lackluster FY23 results. Overall
rental income and net property income (NPI) declined 2%
and 4% y/y, respectively. Notably, 3GR’s NPI fell 10.6%, with
passing rent 8% lower at HKD 91.7/sqft and the vacancy
rate remaining high at 17.2%. As 3GR will see 19% and
43% of its leases expiring in 2024 and 2025, respectively,
we think its rental income is still under pressure amid nearby
new supply; we thus expect negative rental reversions to
continue. LP Mall was a bright spot, doubling its turnover
rent and growing NPI by 13% y/y despite a slightly lower
occupancy rate of 98.6% (from 100%).

The company’s adjusted EBITDA decreased by 2.5% to HKD
1.7bn in 2023. Interest expenses, however, expanded 38%
to HKD 619mn due to exposure to floating-rate borrowings
and higher benchmark rates. As a result, adjusted EBITDA/
interest deteriorated to 2.8x in 2023, from 4.0x in 2022.
Net debt was roughly unchanged at HKD 13.5bn, and net
debt/EBITDA increased slightly to 7.8x. Due to the weaker
credit metrics, Moody’s downgraded Champion REIT by one
notch to Baa2 Negative after the results. As of end-2023,
Champion REIT had HKD 981mn in cash on hand and HKD
5.1bn in short-term debt (primarily bank loans due in 2Q24).
In June, the company announced the signing of a new HKD
5.05bn three-year unsecured loan facility, with a cost of
3-month HIBOR+88bps. We believe the credit facility has
removed Champion REIT’s refinancing risk this year, and it
reflects banks’ continuous support to the company.

Investment view
We think Champion REIT still has lingering rating
downgrade risks. On one hand, we expect it to experience
some pressure on rental income due to continuous negative
office rental reversion for both 3GR and LP Office. LP Office
may also see a lower occupancy rate due to the downsizing
of an anchor tenant. On the other hand, we think its
financing costs may trend higher due to a larger exposure
to floating-rate borrowings after the new loan facility. As of
end-2023, its floating-rate borrowing exposure was already
relatively high at 46%. As a result, we expect its adjusted
EBITDA to interest expense to further deteriorate in 2024
and 2025. Its US dollar bonds are trading at the widest range
of its BBB rated Hong Kong investment grade peers, having
largely priced in its weaker fundamentals. We will continue
monitoring its Central portfolio performance and any capital
management activities.

Key downside risks to our view include 1) a significant
deterioration in the Hong Kong office market; 2) higher-
for-longer interest rates, leading to a continuously weaker
interest expense servicing ability; and 3) any unexpected
weakening in banking relationships. A key upside risk
to our view is a quicker-than-expected turnaround in the
Central office market.

Asia Pacific bonds

37

1619041_9b0ca082-8df5-4821-8e54-eb8e68ab0716.pdf



CK Hutchison
UBS credit outlook: Stable
Moody’s/S&P ratings: A2/A
Analyst coverage: Eve Li

Company updates
CK Hutchison Holdings (CKH) is a Hong Kong-based
conglomerate that is 30% owned by tycoon Li Ka-Shing.
Through its subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates
(JV&A), the company runs diversified businesses globally.
In 2023, the group reported HKD 462bn in revenue
(including JV&A), +1% y/y. Pre-IFRS 16 EBITDA decreased
12% y/y to HKD 105bn, or decreased 1% y/y, excluding
one-off gains from disposals in 2022. By geography,
Europe contributed to 49% of EBIDTA (21% from the
UK), followed by Asia, Australia, and others (23%). By
business division, infrastructure, telecommunications, retail,
and ports accounted for 28%, 25%, 15%, and 13%,
respectively, of EBITDA.

In 2023, the infrastructure division (through its 75.7%-
owned CK Infrastructure, CKI) maintained a stable
performance and EBITDA increased by 3% in local currency
terms. CKI has been distributing a steady and mildly
increasing dividend to the group. Without a regulatory
reset in 2024, the segment should continue to deliver
steady results, in our view. Telecommunications (through
the wholly-owned CH Hutchison Group Telecom, CKHGT)
reported a 9%decrease in underlying EBITDA in local
currencies, mainly led by cost inflation in Italy and the UK.
The proposed merger between Three UK and Vodafone’s
UK operation was conditionally approved by the UK
government in May. The company expects the division
to deliver improving results this year. The retail division
delivered solid EBITDA growth of 11% in local currency
terms, supported by growth across different regions. The
ports division’s EBITDA was 14% lower in local currency
terms, partly due tothe normalization of storage income. As
a new container facility in Egypt commenced operations in
1Q24, the company expects moderate earnings growth this
year.

Investment view
We expect CKH to continue to reduce its total debt,
supported by strong cash flows and disciplined capex. As
of end-2023, the company had HKD 143bn in consolidated
cash and liquid investments, compared to HKD 275bn in
consolidated debt. Net debt was slightly lower at HKD
132bn, and the net debt-to-net total capital ratio further
improved to 16.1% (from 16.7%). We foresee a stable
rating trajectory for CKH over the next 12–18 months. CKH
is trading in line or slightly tighter compared to its similarly-
rated Hong Kong investment grade peers thanks to its solid
credit profile and diversified business. While we’re neutral
on most parts of the curve, we think lower benchmark rates
will be a tailwind for its longer-duration bonds.

Key risks to our view include higher rates for longer and a
sustained margin deterioration due to intense competition
in Europe’s telecom market.

CK Infrastructure Holdings
UBS credit outlook: Stable
Moody’s/S&P ratings: NR/A
Analyst coverage: Eve Li

Company updates
CK Infrastructure (CKI) is a Hong Kong-based infrastructure
conglomerate focused on the investment of utility assets
globally, particularly in regulated businesses such as power
generation, gas, and water distribution. It owns 36% of the
associate Power Asset Holdings (PAH), which mainly invests
in gas and electricity infrastructure. CKI was 75.7% owned
by the conglomerate CK Hutchison (CKH) as of end-2023.

In 2023, CKI reported HKD 6bn in consolidated revenue,
HKD 6.3bn in a share of revenue from joint ventures and
associates, and HKD 8bn in net profit. The UK remained the
largest profit contributor at 36%, followed by PAH in Hong
Kong (25%), Australia (22%), Canada (8%), continental
Europe (6%), and others. As of end-2023, the company had
HKD 13bn in cash on hand, and decreased its consolidated
debt to HKD 24bn (from HKD 28bn in 2022). Net debt-to-
net total capital ratio was largely stable at 7.7% (vs. 7.3%).

CKI continues to look at global investment opportunities to
expand its business. In April, CKI, PAH, and CK Asset (CKA)
announced plans to acquire Phoenix Energy Group, one of
the three gas distribution network operators in Northern
Ireland. The consortium will pay GBP 313mn, of which
40%/40%/20% is shared by CKI/CKA/PAH, respectively. In
May, CKI also acquired UU Solar, a 69-megawatt portfolio
of renewable assets in the UK through UK Power Network
(40%/40%/20% held by CKI/PAH/CKA, respectively) for a
consideration of GBP 91mn.

Investment view
We expect a Stable issuer rating for CKI over the next 12
months despite the pickup in acquisition activities. Factoring
in the recently announced deals, CKI still maintains a good
rating buffer for its standalone rating. In addition, CKI’s
issuer rating contains a one-notch uplift and is equalized to
that of its parent CK Hutchison given its core status in the
group, according to S&P. We also expect CKI to continue to
deliver resilient operating results. Its high earnings visibility
is underpinned by limited regulatory resets over the next
couple of years. There’s no reset in 2024, and a few in 2025
(including Northumbrian Water and Wellington Electricity,
etc.). We’re neutral on CKI’s fixed-for-life perpetuals given
the limited call incentive based on our current assessment.

Asia Pacific bonds

38

1619041_9b0ca082-8df5-4821-8e54-eb8e68ab0716.pdf



Key downside risks to our view include more aggressive-
than-expected acquisition activities and rate sell-offs.

CLP Power Hong Kong
UBS credit outlook: Stable
Moody’s/S&P ratings: A1/A+
Analyst coverage: Eve Li

Company updates
CLP Power Hong Kong (CLPP) is the larger of the two
vertically integrated utility companies in Hong Kong, and it
has a 70% stake in the power generation operator Castle
Peak Power Company (Capco). CLPP serves around 2.8mn
customers in Kowloon, the New Territories, and most of the
outlying islands, covering over 80% of the city’s population.
CLPP has a diversified user base across residential (28%),
commercial (39%), infrastructure & public services (29%),
and manufacturing (4%). The company is wholly owned by
CLP Holdings (CLPH), which also invests in power businesses
in mainland China, Australia, India, Taiwan, and Thailand.

In 2023, CLPP’s electricity sales increased 1.6% to 35.4bn
kWh and revenue was stable at HKD 50.5bn. The company’s
revenue comes mostly from electricity sales (volume) and
tariffs (basic tariffs plus fuel clause charges). Under the
Scheme of Control (SoC) agreements, CLPP can pass its
fuel and operating costs to customers. It has therefore
maintained a stable EBITDA margin of around 36% over the
past two years despite fluctuating energy costs. The current
SoC (expiring in end-2033) also sets a permitted return of
8% on average net fixed assets, and the Tariff Stabilization
Fund enables excesses or deficiencies to be held or released,
based on the difference between the actual net income and
permitted return.

CLPP has been growing its net fixed assets (HKD 139bn
as of end-2023) steadily at a low- to mid-single-digit over
the past few years via capex. Under its approved 2024–
2028 development plan, CLPP projects it will spend HKD
53bn over the next five years. As a comparison, it spent
HKD 11.7bn in capex in 2023, and a combined HKD 53bn
between 2019 and 2023. Ongoing projects include a gas
generation unit and the enhancement of a clean energy
transmission system between Hong Kong and mainland
China, to facilitate the phasing out of coal-fired generation.
Despite the sizable capex needs, its total debt was largely
stable over the past two years at around HKD 48bn, thanks
to its cash-generative business and strong cash flows. Debt/
EBITDA was also stable at 2.6–2.7x during the period. CLPP
(together with Capco) also had HKD 13bn in undrawn
facilities as of end-2023.

Investment view
We view CLPP as a defensive play due to its regulated
business. The company has a higher standalone rating of
aa-, versus CLPH’s group credit profile of a, according to S&P.

CLPP’s curve is trading slightly tighter compared to similarly-
rated HK developers, which we view as Fair.

Key risks to our view include an unexpected change in
regulatory schemes that could lead to lower profitability,
and more aggressive-than-expected debt-funded capex
initiatives.

Far East Consortium
UBS credit outlook: Deteriorating
Moody’s/S&P ratings: NR/NR
Analyst coverage: Daniel Tam

Company updates
Far East Consortium (FEC) has a diverse business
with projects in various geographical areas. Property
development and investment accounted for 68% of revenue
and 75.5% of segment profit in FY24 (fiscal year ended
March 2024), while hotel operations accounted for 20% of
revenue and 10.4% of segment profit. Australia generated
around 51.2% of revenue and 53.1% of segment profit,
while Singapore generated 18.7% and 11.3%. Hong Kong
only generated 10% of revenue and 11% of segment
profit. FEC reported a mixed set of FY24 results, with higher
earnings, lower leverage, and weak liquidity. Revenue,
EBITDA, and net profit increased 168.8%, 74.2%, and
18.5% in FY24. The strong earnings growth was mainly due
to property sales in Australia and Singapore. Gross interest
expense increased 40% to HKD 1.9bn, but strong earnings
growth strengthened EBITDA/interest to 1.2x (FY23: 0.6x)
and lowered total debt/EBITDA to 13.7x (FY23: 42.4x). Net
debt/adjusted total equity also declined to 68.1% (FY23:
73.8%). Liquidity remained weak, with total cash/short-
term debt of 38.8% (FY23: 30.6%) after repaying the USD
385mn bond due in January 2024.

Investment view
Media reports have said that FEC plans to repurchase one-
third of the USD 360mn 7.375% perpetual notes callable on
18 October, swapping one-third of the issue into new bullet
notes, and leaving the remaining one-third outstanding until
the next call date in April 2025. The new bullet notes are
likely to have a two- to three-year maturity with a coupon
of 9%. Under the loan covenants, FEC must maintain an
adjusted net gearing of below 80%, compared with 68.1%
reported as of end-March 2024. If the perpetual note is not
called on 18 October, the coupon will reset at the prevailing
5-year US Treasury yield plus 8.924%, or around 13% at the
current 5-year Treasury yield of 4.2%.

Key risks include weaker-than-expected sales for its
projects in Australia, Hong Kong, and the United Kingdom,
lower occupancy rates for its hotel operations, and interest
rates remaining high.

Asia Pacific bonds

39

1619041_9b0ca082-8df5-4821-8e54-eb8e68ab0716.pdf



FWD Group Holdings Limited
UBS credit outlook: Stable
Moody’s/S&P ratings: Baa2/NR
Analyst coverage: Daniel Tam

Company updates
FWD Group Holdings Limited (FWDGHL, formerly known as
PCGI Intermediate Holdings Limited), became the ultimate
parent of the FWD Group after the restructuring was
completed in August 2023. FWDGHL assumed all the debt
issued by its subsidiaries and became the principal entity
for future debt issuances. FWDGHL raised USD 1.825bn
between December 2023 and June 2024 by issuing three
bonds to refinance its maturing bonds and perpetual notes
callable in 2H24. FWDGHL also raised a USD 685mn club
loan in February this year to support the repayment of a USD
1bn bank loan due in December 2024. After the repayments
of the bonds and perpetual notes this year, FWDGHL will
not have any offshore bonds maturing before 2029.

FWDGHL reported a net loss of USD 717mn in 2023,
primarily due to adverse capital market movements and a
USD 505mn loss on disposal of financial investments related
to the Athene Reinsurance transaction in Japan. Annualized
premium equivalent (APE) sales increased 18%to USD
1.65bn, while the value of new business (VNB) rose 20.4%
to USD 991mn in 2023. Its new business contractual service
margin (CSM) declined 4.3% to USD 1.35bn, and its total
weighted premium income grew 1.9% to USD 6.4bn. In
our view, FWDGHL has strong capitalization after several
rounds of equity injections from pre-IPO investors. The
company's local capital summation method (LCSM) tier-1
cover ratio increased to 336% in 2023 (2022: 327%) and
its leverage ratio rose to 27.2% in 2023 (2022: 23.6%).
Group embedded value decreased 6.3% to USD 5.7bn
and comprehensive tangible equity declined 13.9% to USD
7.2bn. Return on equity expanded to 5.7% in 2023, from
4.1% in 2022.

Investment view
FWDGHL's capital buffer is sufficient to support the ongoing
expansion of its operating insurance subsidiaries and to
withstand near-term asset volatility, in our view. While
FWDGHL recorded an accounting loss of USD 505mn from
the Athene reinsurance arrangement in 2023, the deal also
enabled the group to produce USD 440mn in new business
CSM. We expect the group's earnings and fixed-charge
coverage ratio to steadily improve in the next year or two
once non-recurrent costs ease.

Key risks include weaker-than-expected profitability,
adjusted financial leverage rising substantially from current
levels, and regulatory risk in less-developed countries.

Henderson Land
UBS credit outlook: Stable
Moody’s/S&P ratings: NR/NR
Analyst coverage: Daniel Tam

Company updates
Henderson Land is one of the leading real estate developers
in Hong Kong and it holds several listed companies—62.3%
of Henderson Investment Limited (Exchange code 0097.HK),
50.1% of Miramar Hotel and Investment (0071.HK), 41.5%
of Hong Kong and China Gas (0003.HK), 33.4% of Hong
Kong Ferry (0050.HK), and 20.5% of Sunlight Real Estate
Investment Trust (0435.HK). Henderson Land reported a
weak set of 2023 results, with flattish earnings, higher
leverage, and weak liquidity. Revenue and net profit grew
7.9% and 2.2%, while EBITDA declined 3.3%. Total
debt (including shareholder loans) increased 7.9% to HKD
158.2bn, raising total debt/EBITDA to 22.8x (2022: 20.4x)
and total debt/capitalization to 31% (2022: 30%). Interest
expense shot up 90% to HKD 6.9bn as average funding
cost almost doubled to 4.32% (2022: 2.2%), weakening
EBITDA/interest to 1x (2022: 2x). Liquidity remained weak,
with cash holdings and rental income covering 37.8% of
short-term debt (2022: 28.3%). The group sold 1,515 units
for HKD 11.1bn in 1H24 and returned undeveloped land to
the government for another HKD 5.8bn, which may improve
the group’s near-term liquidity.

Investment view
Henderson Land has high exposure to the Kai Tak
Development Area, with over 5,000 units for sale in 2H24.
Owing to the high land acquisition cost and declining selling
price in the area, the company may need to sell some
of its units at a loss. The group is the largest agricultural
landowner in Hong Kong—it owns land covering 45.8mn
square feet, of which 85% is located in the Northern
Metropolis. The company may return more land to the
government to strengthen its liquidity. Given the company’s
strong shareholder support and large operating scale across
different industries, we expect its banking access to continue
supporting its liquidity and debt repayment ability.

Key risks include weaker-than-expected sales in Hong Kong
and mainland China, which we think will force the company
to raise additional debt to support its liquidity.

Hong Kong Telecommunications
UBS credit outlook: Stable
Moody’s/S&P ratings: Baa2/BBB
Analyst coverage: Daniel Tam

Company updates
HK Telecommunications (HKT) is a quad-play
telecommunications services provider in Hong Kong with a
leading market position in every major service it provides,

Asia Pacific bonds

40

1619041_9b0ca082-8df5-4821-8e54-eb8e68ab0716.pdf



including fixed line, broadband, mobile, and pay television.
HKT Trust is the immediate parent of HKT, and both
companies operate under a trust structure. CAS Holdings,
which is wholly-owned by PCCW Limited, holds 52.3%
of HKT Trust. HKT reported a mixed set of 2023 results,
with stable earnings, higher leverage, and stronger liquidity.
Revenue, EBITDA, and net profit increased 0.6%, 2.6%
and 1.9%, respectively. EBITDA margin rose to a four-
year high of 39% in 2023 on higher profitability from
the fixed line and mobile services. Higher finance cost
weakened EBITDA/interest to 6.3x (2022: 8.6x), while
net debt/equity increased to 121.4% (2022: 114.9%).
Operating and free cash flows rose 5.3% and 8.1% to HKD
11.3bn and HKD 9.1bn, respectively, while cash/short-term
debt strengthened to 1.6x (2022: 0.5x). On 26 June, HKT
announced it would sell 40% of its fiber-based connection
service to China Merchant Group’s subsidiary for USD
870mn. The transaction should lower HKT’s leverage and
reduce its financial burden for future investments.

Investment view
HKT’s revenue growth largely tracks Hong Kong’s economic
growth, supported by digitalization and surging data
consumption from remote education, home office trends,
and other emerging applications. HKT’s EBITDA margin is
expected to improve gradually on pent-up demand for its
new mobile phone, a recovery in roaming services, and the
increasing adoption of 5G. We also expect the loss from
other businesses to narrow with better operating efficiency
and monetization initiatives.

Key risks include intensifying broadband and mobile
competition, and weaker enterprise IT spending in Hong
Kong if macroeconomic weaknesses ensue.

Hongkong Land Holdings Limited
UBS credit outlook: Stable
Moody’s/S&P ratings: A3/A
Analyst coverage: Eve Li

Company update
Founded in 1889, Hongkong Land Holdings (HKL) primarily
focuses on developing and managing prime commercial
investment properties, while also opportunistically engaging
in a premium properties-for-sale business. As of end-2023,
it owned and managed 0.85mn sqm of prime office and
retail assets across key gateway cities including Hong Kong,
Singapore, Beijing, and Jakarta. Its Central portfolio, at
the heart of Hong Kong’s financial district, is one of its
crown jewel assets and contributed 78% to its investment
properties’ operating profit in 2023. Hongkong Land
Company Limited (HKLC, A2 Stable/ A Stable), a wholly-
owned subsidiary of HKL, holds the group’s Hong Kong
investment property portfolio and acts as the guarantor
of the USD bonds. Conglomerate Jardine Matheson is the
ultimate parent of HKL with a 53% stake.

HKL achieved USD 1.8bn in revenue in 2023, –18% y/y. The
decline was led by the development property (DP) segment,
while investment property (IP) still delivered a modest 2%
growth in revenue to USD 1.1bn. For its Central office
portfolio, revenue was 5% lower as the negative rental
reversion continued. The physical vacancy rate also rose to
7.4% at end-2023 (or 6.8% on a committed basis), from
4.7% a year ago. That said, compared to the 9.9% vacancy
rate of the overall Central grade A office market, HKL still
outperformed, thanks to a flight to quality in demand. For
its luxury-focused Central retail segment, revenue increased
16%, with mildly positive rental reversions and vacancies
staying low at 1.5%.

In 2023, the company trimmed its committed capital for
new projects to USD 1.3bn, compared to USD 2.1bn on
average during the previous five years. Net debt was also
lower at USD 5.4bn, driven by smaller share buybacks
and land costs paid during the year. Nonetheless, we
estimate its adjusted net leverage increased to 6.2x or 5.5x
under S&P and Moody’s methodology (from 5.7x and 5.1x,
respectively) due to a 12% drop in EBITDA led by fewer
earning contributions from property sales. On a brighter
note, net gearing slightly improved to 16.8% (from 17.5%)
despite a 5% valuation loss in its IP portfolio. HKL’s average
borrowing costs increased to 3.9% in 2023 (from 3.3%
in 2022), with the impact of higher interest rates partially
mitigated by the higher portion of fixed-rate borrowings
(62%).

Investment view
Backed by USD 2.8bn in attributable sold but not yet
recognized contracted sales, we think a rebound in DP
earnings is likely this year. In addition, HKL launched a luxury
residential project in its 43%-owned West Bund Financial
Hub in Shanghai in April. Despite an average unit cost of
CNY 50mn, all 80 units were sold upon launch, reflecting
homebuyers’ strong reception even amid the weak primary
property market. HKL will also launch two residential JV
projects in Singapore this year. Along with continuous
prudent capital management, we expect the company’s
leverage to trend lower in 2024.

Despite some spread tightening year-to-date, HKL’s bonds
are still trading slightly wider compared to similarly-rated
Hong Kong investment grade bonds. We think this is due
to its sizable Central portfolio and higher mainland China
development property exposure. We see room for the gap
to further narrow if the company can deleverage, with
more earnings from property for sales over the next 12–18
months. Without many catalysts in the near term, we keep
our neutral view across the curve.

Key downside risks to our view include weaker-than-
expected DP earnings and more-aggressive-than-expected
investments.

Asia Pacific bonds

41

1619041_9b0ca082-8df5-4821-8e54-eb8e68ab0716.pdf



Hutchison Port Holdings Trust
UBS credit outlook: Deteriorating
Moody’s/S&P ratings: Baa1/A-
Analyst coverage: Daniel Tam

Company updates
Hutchison Port Holdings Trust (HPHT) is a developer and
operator of deep-water container ports in Hong Kong and
Shenzhen. It is managed by HPH Management Pte. Limited,
a wholly-owned subsidiary of CK Hutchison Holdings
Limited (CKHH). HPHT is 80%-owned by CKHH and 20%
by PSA International (PSA). The company reported a weak
set of 2023 results, with lower earnings, higher leverage,
and weaker liquidity. Revenue, EBITDA, and net profit
declined 12.6%, 14.7%, and 41.2%, respectively. The
weaker earnings raised total debt/EBITDA to 4.1x (2022:
3.7x) and net debt/equity to 40.5% (2022: 36.2%), while
EBITDA/interest weakened to 7.4x (2022: 11.3x). Although
operating and free cash flows remain in positive, both
declined by over 30% in 2023. Cash/short-term debt also
weakened to 1.7x (2022: 2.1x).

Investment view
HPHT’s declining Hong Kong throughput should be offset
by the rising throughput of its mainland China terminals.
Due to rising US trade frictions and competition from
rail transportation, HPHT's revenue and profit are both
expected to remain under pressure. However, the company
is expected to maintain positive cash flows on limited new
capital investment and improving operating efficiency.

Key downside risks include an escalation in US-
China trade tensions and a weaker-than-expected global
economy. Key upside risks include a recovery in Hong
Kong throughput and Chinese local governments reducing
subsidiaries to Chinese ports that are not controlled by
HPHT.

Hysan Development Company Limited
UBS credit outlook: Deteriorating
Moody’s/S&P ratings: Baa1/NR
Analyst coverage: Eve Li

Company updates
Hysan Development is the largest landlord in Causeway Bay
(Hong Kong's prime shopping area), with 4.5mn square
feet in rental properties valued at HKD 96bn. In 2023,
Hysan’s revenue was 7% lower at HKD 3.2bn, with a
weaker performance across retail, office, and residential
segments. The ongoing Lee Gardens asset enhancement
project and a weak office market partly explained the
revenue decline. Reported net gearing was 4 percentage
points higher at 27.2% compared to the end-2022 level.
Counting its perpetual bonds as debt (50% equity credit for
the subordinated perp), we estimate its adjusted net debt-

to-EBITDA increased to 12.3x (from 10.1x in FY22), and
EBITDA to adjusted interest (including capitalized interest)
weakened to 1.6x (from 2.2x). The company’s liquidity
remained adequate, with HKD 3.9bn in cash and term
deposits, while short-term debt was minimal. It also has HKD
6.4bn in undrawn committed revolving loans. Hysan cut the
full-year dividend by 25%, the first cut since 2003.

The Caroline Hill Road commercial property project, a 60/40
joint venture (JV) between Hysan and Chinachem Group, is
still under construction and is scheduled for opening in late
2026. Hysan has HKD 5bn in secured undrawn term loans
to fund the construction. Annual total capex, including the
Caroline Hill Road project and Lee Gardens rejuvenation, is
guided to be HKD 2bn till 2026.

In April, Hysan launched a tender offer targeting its
4.1% subordinated perpetuals and accepted USD 100mn
in aggregate principal. The outstanding amount of the
perpetuals was then reduced to USD 750mn.

Investment view
We think the weak FY23 results raise Hysan’s downgrade
risks. The company has expanded into Caroline Hill Road and
some residential projects, and has also invested in Shanghai
commercial properties, flexible workspaces, and healthcare
services over the past few years. These investments have
led to a siginificant increase in its total debt, which has also
raised its interest costs in a higher rate environment. We
think its leverage may stay elevated over the next 12–18
months as it may further draw down loans to fund capex
activities.

In December 2023, Moody’s revised the outlook of
Hysan’s Baa1 issuer rating to Negative from Stable. We
estimate Hysan’s adjusted credit metrics (pro-rata numbers
considering the JV-level debt and interest expenses)
breached Moody’s downgrade triggers for both the
net leverage and interest coverage ratio in 2023. A
rating downgrade, should it happen, will move its 4.1%
subordinated perpetual note (perp) to the high-yield (HY)
category due to the two-notch rating difference versus the
issuer's rating. We view the valuation of Hysan’s senior
bullet bonds as being not that appealing compared to other
Hong Kong BBB names. We’re neutral on its subordinated
perps considering the greater upside if called on the first
call date, although we are aware of the currently high
uncertainty surrounding its call decision. We also rate its
fixed-for-life perp as Fair.

Key upside risks to our view include 1) a better-
than-expected recovery in Hong Kong’s retail and office
rental markets; 2) better-than-expected sales of its luxury
residential units; and 3) a redemption of the subordinated
perp on the first call date. Key downside risks to our view
include 1) an unexpected deterioration in Hysan’s banking

Asia Pacific bonds

42

1619041_9b0ca082-8df5-4821-8e54-eb8e68ab0716.pdf



relationship; and 2) an aggressive investment appetite and
larger-than-guided capex needs.

Li & Fung Limited
UBS credit outlook: Stable
Moody’s/S&P ratings: Ba3/BB
Analyst coverage: Daniel Tam

Company updates
Li & Fung (L&F), privatized in 2020, is one of the world's
leading consumer product sourcing and trading companies.
Based in Hong Kong, the company's long operating history
and extensive network of suppliers and partners support
efficient sourcing and distribution. The company reported
a mixed set of 2023 results. Revenue and EBITDA declined
19.3% and 27.1%, respectively, but net profit increased
41.3%, partly due to higher interest income. L&F reported
a positive operating cash flow of USD 117mn in 2023,
but free cash flow turned negative USD 265mn after bond
repayments. At the end of 2023, L&F had a total cash
holding of USD 452mn and no bank loans or short-term
debt. The USD 313mn bond due in 2025 is L&F’s only
outstanding debt; hence, it had a net cash position of USD
139mn. EBITDA/interest remained unchanged at 1.8x, and
total debt/EBITDA declined to 2.4x in 2023 from 2.9x in
2022.

Investment view
L&F’s cash holding is sufficient to repay its 2025 bond, but
we believe L&F is unlikely to redeem the USD 650mn fixed-
for-life (FFL) perpetual note until the company can refinance
it at a lower cost. Global deglobalization is positive for the
company’s onshore wholesale business, which operates as
a domestic supplier in America, UK/Europe, and Asia.

Key risks include a further deterioration in US/EU
consumer sentiment and the company conducting large-
scale acquisitions that weaken its liquidity.

Lifestyle International
UBS credit outlook: Deteriorating
Moody’s/S&P ratings: NR/NR
Analyst coverage: Daniel Tam

Company updates
Lifestyle International, privatized in 2022, is a premier retail
operator based in Hong Kong. The company’s flagship
SOGO department store in Causeway Bay became the only
store under operation after its Tsim Sha Tsui store closed in
March 2023. The company has a commercial property in
London, whose current lease will expire in May 2025. The
company’s Kai Tak Project, which includes The Twins and the
SOGO Kai Tak store, will commence operation in September
2024. Around 50% of the leasable area has been filled, and

management aims to achieve around 80% by September
2024.

Lifestyle reported a mixed set of 2023 results, with improved
earnings, lower leverage and weak liquidity. Revenue and
EBITDA increased 24.9% and 38.7%, respectively, and
returned to a net profit of HKD 1.4bn in 2023 (a net
loss of HKD 611mn in 2022). The stronger earnings
lowered EBITDA/interest to 1.4x (1.5x), while net debt/equity
declined to 5.5x (9.5x). The company’s operating cash flow
increased 47.5% to HKD 1.4bn, while negative free cash
flow narrowed to HKD 421mn (HKD 948mn). At the end
of 2023, Lifestyle invested in listed equities with a fair
value of HKD 1.2bn (USD 149mn) and had an unutilized
committed secured loan facility of HKD 2.8bn (USD 128mn).
The company completed a HKD 7.85bn (USD 1bn) 5-year
club loan on 3 July to refinance the HKD 6.95bn loan
maturing in July and support the repayment of the USD
266mn bond, both of which were due in July. The loan is
secured by the group’s Kai Tak Project, with an estimated
market value of HKD 18bn (USD 2.3bn) at the end of 2023.

Investment view
Lifestyle’s earnings were negatively affected by the closure
of its Kowloon store and weaker retail sales in Hong Kong.
We expect the company’s earnings to improve in 2025 after
the commencement of operation for The Twins and the
SOGO store in Kai Tak.

Key downside risks include weaker-than-expected
domestic consumption, lower-than-expected occupancy
rates for The Twins, and high interest rates. Upside risks
include a higher-than-expected take-up rate for The Twins
project and a recovery in retail sales in Hong Kong.

Link REIT
UBS credit outlook: Stable
Moody’s/S&P ratings: A2/A
Analyst coverage: Eve Li

Company updates
Established with retail and carpark facilities divested by the
Hong Kong Housing Authority, Link REIT has enriched its
portfolio with office and logistics assets, and expanded
its footprint to other major cities over the years. As of
March 2024, its portfolio value had reached HKD 241bn,
consisting of 130 assets in Hong Kong, 12 in mainland
China, and 12 overseas (Australia, Singapore, and the UK).
Hong Kong accounted for 76% of its total revenue in FY24,
mainly from local retail. Its Hong Kong retail assets are
non-discretionary in nature and are integral to the city’s
consumption infrastructure. Link REIT (823 HK) is listed
on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange with no controlling
shareholder.

Asia Pacific bonds

43

1619041_9b0ca082-8df5-4821-8e54-eb8e68ab0716.pdf



In FY24 (fiscal year ended in March 2024), Link REIT reported
HKD 13.6bn in total revenue, +11% y/y. The overseas
market's share of revenue increased to 13% (from 5%), as
the contribution from its Singapore acquisitions kicked in.
Operating metrics remained solid, with the occupancy rate
at 98% for Hong Kong retail and healthy levels observed
across other geographies. Tenant sales growth moderated
to +0.4% y/y, mainly affected by the supermarket segment
(–5%). The performance was impacted by cross-border
consumption in the second half of FY24. That said,
occupancy costs remained healthy at 12.6%. Management
has guided for a flattish rental reversion in FY25 (from 7.9%
in FY24).

Net debt edged higher to HKD 49.3bn (from HKD 47.6bn),
bringing the reported net gearing (net debt over total assets)
to 19.5% (from 17.8%). That said, supported by an increase
in EBITDA, net debt-to-adjusted EBITDA improved to 4.9x
(from 5.4x). Interest expenses soared over 30% to HKD
2.5bn amid the higher interest rate environment, while the
interest coverage ratio remained resilient at 4x. The portion
of fixed-rate borrowings increased to 70%, from 57% a year
ago. The company expects average borrowing costs to stay
below 4%, compared to 3.78% in FY24.

Investment view
While the sales leakage to nearby cities has posed near-term
challenges to Hong Kong’s local consumption recovery, it
remains to be seen whether this will structurally damage
landlords' operations. Given the non-discretionary nature of
Link REIT’s retail assets and the current healthy occupancy
cost, we do not expect a collapse in its related rental revenue
over the next 12 months. As a result, we still expect an
adequate rating buffer over the same period of time. We
remain neutral on its US dollar bonds.

Key downside risks to our view include 1) aggressive debt-
funded acquisitions; and 2) northbound spending posing
structural challenges to its tenants, leading to a weaker-
than-expected performance of its non-discretionary retail
portfolio and a significant negative rental reversion.

Nan Fung International
UBS credit outlook: Stable
Moody’s/S&P ratings: Baa3/BBB-
Analyst coverage: Daniel Tam

Company updates
Nan Fung was privatized in 2020 and is wholly owned by
the Chen family. The company has not made any major
acquisitions for property development since 2017 and sold
most of its large-scale residential projects by the end of
2023. Revenue from property development declined to
18.6% of total revenue in 2024 (fiscal year ended March
2024), down from 73.7% a year earlier. Nan Fung has
a rental portfolio with 34 assets, generating HKD 2.1bn

of rental income in FY24, covering 1.4x of gross interest
expense. Rental income should rise further, in our view,
as more investment properties commence operations. The
company also has an unleveraged investment portfolio of
around HKD 15.3bn (FY23: USD 2.1bn) as of 31 March
2024. The portfolio includes private equity funds (19% of
the portfolio), unquoted direct investments (43%), fixed
income fund (4%), venture capital fund (22%), and others
(12%).

Nan Fung reported a mixed set of FY24 results, with a net
loss, lower leverage, and strong liquidity. Revenue declined
61.7%, as property development revenue dropped 90.3%,
while EBITDA plunged by 99.4%. The company postedo
a loss of HKD 3.7bn (FY23: HKD 1.2bn profit) because of
an HKD 4.8bn revaluation loss on its investment properties.
Despite the weaker EBITDA, rental income covered 1.4x
of gross interest expense (FY23: 1.3x). Total debt declined
10.6%, lowering total debt/capitalization to 24% (FY23:
25%), while cash/short-term debt remained strong at 4.1x
(FY23: 6.8x). Operating cash flow increased 5.6% to HKD
3.6bn, while free cash flow fell 21.9% to HKD 1.7bn.

Investment view
Following the disposal of most of its development projects,
rental income and hotel revenue will account for more than
half of total revenue over the next few years. The company
is unlikely to redeem its fixed-for-life perpetual note until it
can refinance the note at a lower cost, and its next offshore
bond will be due in October 2027. Its bank loans are mostly
secured with assets and are expected to roll over upon
maturity.

Key risks include weaker rental income from its investment
property portfolio, weaker financial markets, and more
aggressive land bank replenishment activities.

New World Development
UBS credit outlook: Deteriorating
Moody’s/S&P ratings: NR/NR
Analyst coverage: Daniel Tam

Company updates
After the Hong Kong government announced the
development of the Northern Metropolis (NM), NWD
signed strategic partnership agreements with three state-
owned enterprises, including China Resources Land, China
Merchants Shekou, and Shum Yip. The company plans to
form joint ventures with them and sell its farmland in NM
to the joint-venture companies. NWD has also announced
that it completed the refinancing and repayment of a total
of HKD 35bn in short-term debt due before the end of
2024. The company has also refinanced a HKD 9.5bn hotel
joint venture loan with the Abu Dhabi Investment Authority,
which includes HKD 260mn in new funding. The average
offshore loan cost is around HIBOR plus 1.1%. NWD has also

Asia Pacific bonds

44

1619041_9b0ca082-8df5-4821-8e54-eb8e68ab0716.pdf



raised CNY 2.6bn in onshore commercial operating loans
at 2.9–3% and targets to raise an additional CNY 8.6bn in
2024 to repay its offshore debt.

NWD reported mixed 1HFY24 results (fiscal year ended
in June 2024), with higher earnings and lower leverage,
but liquidity remained weak. Revenue declined 25%, while
EBITDA and net profit increased 19.6% and 15.9%,
respectively. Total debt fell 12.6% after the disposal of
NWS, lowering total debt/EBITDA to 15.6x (1HFY23: 18x).
Although average funding cost rose to 5.1% (3.8%),
gross interest expense (including distribution to perpetual
note holders) declined 20.3%. Stronger earnings and
lower interest expense strengthened EBITDA/interest to 1.5x
(1HFY23: 1x), but liquidity weakened with cash/short-term
debt of 0.6x (0.9x). As NWD likely achieved its HKD 8bn non-
core asset disposal in 2HFY24, its liquidity should also have
improved in 2HFY24.

Investment view
The monetarization of NWD’s onshore investment property
portfolio and its farmland in the Northern Metropolis likely
improved the company’s liquidity in FY24; while FY24 has
eneded, NWD has yet to report FY24 results. NWD also has
several projects in Hong Kong and mainland China which
will be launched in 2H24. Given the company’s continued
access to onshore and offshore bank financing, the ability
to monetarize land reserves, and continued shareholder
support, NWD should be able to deleverage gradually. NWD
will likely redeem its high step-up perpetual notes, while
keeping the fixed-for-life perpetual notes outstanding until
they can be refinanced at a lower cost.

Key downside risks include a further weakness in
mainland China and Hong Kong’s real estate markets, a
slowdown in the development of the Northern Metropolis,
and a failure to monetize its farmland in NM as planned.
Key upside risks include further refinancing of its offshore
debts with lower-cost onshore borrowings and a faster-
than-expected deleveraging pace.

NWS Holdings
UBS credit outlook: Deteriorating
Moody’s/S&P ratings: NR/NR
Analyst coverage: Daniel Tam

Company updates
NWS is 77.8%-owned by Chow Tai Fook Enterprise,
which also holds 45.2% of New World Development. The
company classifies its operation into six key segments—
roads (38.3% of attributable operating profit in 1HFY24),
insurance (19.4%), construction (18.5%), logistics (16.7%),
facilities management (5.8%), and others (1.3%). NWS
owns concession rights for 15 expressways in mainland
China. NWS issued a CNY 3.5bn 3-year Panda bond with
an annual interest rate of 3.9% in early 2024. Issuing lower-

cost CNY-denominated bonds will lower NWS’s funding cost
and expand its funding channels, in our view. The bonds
also work as a natural hedge for the company’s onshore
revenue, such as toll roads and logistics infrastructure.
The company reported healthy 1HFY24 results (fiscal year
ended June 2024), with higher earnings, lower leverage,
and stable liquidity. Revenue, EBITDA, and net profit
increased 6.7%, 26.8%, and 15.6%, respectively. The
stronger earnings improved EBITDA/interest to 4.1x (3.6x in
1HFY23) and lowered total debt/EBITDA to 5.2x (7.2x). Total
debt/capitalization also declined to 44% (50%). Liquidity
weakened, as cash/short-term debt fell to 1.8x (3.1x) after
the company redeemed the USD 1bn perpetual note in
January 2024.

Investment view
NWS’s leverage increased after the special dividend payment
in April 2024, but we expect it to subsequently decline
over the next few years. The company’s strong cash
generation ability should support its debt repayments, but
the company’s free-float issue remains below 25% after the
special dividend, and this will need to be addressed in a
timely manner.

Key downside risks include its persistent insufficient
free-float, a weaker-than-expected domestic and mainland
China economy, and unexpected large-scale acquisitions.
Key upside risks include a faster-than-expected decline in
leverage, and the continued refinancing of its offshore debts
with lower-cost onshore borrowings.

Pacific Century Premium Developments Limited
UBS credit outlook: Deteriorating
Moody’s/S&P ratings: NR/NR
Analyst coverage: Daniel Tam

Company updates
Pacific Century Premium Developments (PCPD) is principally
engaged in the development and management of premium-
grade property infrastructure projects as well as premium-
grade property investments. It operates in Japan, Indonesia,
Thailand, and Hong Kong. Japan and Indonesia accounted
for 90% of PCPD's total revenue and 65% of its total
assets in 2023. The company’s 2023 results remained weak.
Although revenue increased 46.5% and EBITDA turned to
a positive HKD 84mn (2022: an EBITDA loss of HKD 20mn),
PCPD saw a net loss of HKD 466mn in 2023 (2022: HKD
598mn net loss). Years of net losses have also eroded the
company’s equity base, resulting in a 43.4% drop in total
equity and raising net debt/equity to 12.6x (6.9x). Operating
cash flow increased to HKD 245mn in 2023 from HKD
101mn in 2022, but free cash flow declined 86.2% to HKD
261mn. Leverage remains high, with total debt/EBITDA at
112.3x and total cash covering 1.6x of short-term debt.

Asia Pacific bonds

45

1619041_9b0ca082-8df5-4821-8e54-eb8e68ab0716.pdf



Investment view
PCPD’s HKD 865mn cash holdings and operating cash
flow should support the repayment of its HKD 1.06bn
debt maturing in 2024 and 2025. However, it would be
challenging for the company to repay the HKD 8.4bn debt
across USD bonds and secured bank loans maturing in 2026.
We believe PCPD may have to rely on support from its
largest shareholder PCCW and related parties for a smooth
refinancing. PCCW, together with its shareholder, should
have the ability and the intention to avoid defaulting on
its subsidiaries’ debt, as it would negatively affect funding
costs and funding accessibility for PCCW and its other
subsidiaries.

Key downside risks include unexpected events that
prevent PCCW from supporting PCPD’s refinancing and
aggressive debt-funded expansion initiatives. Key upside
risks include a large-scale equity-financing to strengthen its
equity base and the ability to dispose of its assets at higher-
than-expected valuations.

Regal Hotel
UBS credit outlook: Deteriorating
Moody’s/S&P ratings: NR/NR
Analyst coverage: Daniel Tam

Company updates
Regal Hotel (exchange code: 78.HK) is 69.3%-owned by
Paliburg Holdings (617.HK) and holds 75% of Regal Real
Estate Investment Trust (1881.HK). Chairman Lo Yuk Sui
holds 61.9% of Century City International Holdings, which
has a 62.3% stake in Paliburg Holdings. Regal Hotel is
one of the largest hotel groups in Hong Kong, operating
and controlling hotel properties in Hong Kong though its
investment in Regal REIT. It also operates and controls hotels
in mainland China.

Regal Hotel reported a weak set of 2023 results, with a
wider net loss, higher leverage, and weak liquidity. Revenue
and EBITDA declined 2.1% and 27.5% respectively, owing
to a lower profit margin. Net loss widened to HKD 1.9bn
(2022: HKD 411mn net loss) due to a 92.4% rise in interest
expense and fair value losses on financial assets, mainly
reflecting its shareholding in Cosmopolitan International
(0120.HK), which saw a net loss. Total debt (perpetual
as equity) increased 3.8% to HKD 16.17bn, raising total
debt/EBITDA to 30.2x (2022: 21.1x) and net debt/equity of
180% (2022: 136%). Liquidity remained weak, with total
cash covering just 33% of short-term debt (2022: 19%).
However, operating cash flow increased to HKD 556mn
(2022: HKD 210mn) and free cash flow turned to a positive
HKD 435mn (2022: a negative HKD 155mn).

Investment view
Regal Hotel has been able to roll over its bank loans, secured
by its hotel assets. It also disposed of two aircrafts for HKD

347mn in April. The company should benefit from the Hong
Kong government’s efforts to promote Hong Kong as a
major tourist destination.

Key downside risks include weaker spending by mainland
Chinese tourists and high interest rates that keep the
company’s financial costs high. Key upside risks include a
stronger-than-expected recovery of tourists visiting Hong
Kong.

Sun Hung Kai Properties
UBS credit outlook: Stable
Moody’s/S&P ratings: A1/A+
Analyst coverage: Eve Li

Company updates
Sun Hung Kai Properties (SHKP) is one of the largest property
developers and landlords in Hong Kong. The Kwok Family
Trust is its largest shareholder. As of end-2023, SHKP had
a land bank comprising a total of 58.8mn square feet in
Hong Kong and 67.2mn square feet in mainland China,
including properties under development. In FY23 (ending 30
June 2023), the company reported HKD 34.7bn in segment
operating profit (OP, including joint venture and associates).
By segment, property rental was the largest contributor
(53%), spanning Hong Kong (72%), mainland China (25%),
and Singapore (3%). The second largest contributor was
property sales (33%), of which 75% was from Hong Kong
and 25% from mainland China. The rest of the segment
OP was from hotel, telecom, transportation, and other
businesses.

In the first half of FY24, SHKP achieved HKD 12.9bn in
attributable contracted sales, of which 74% was in Hong
Kong. Major contributors such as YOHO WEST Phase 1,
NOVO Land Phase 2A, and University Hill were well received
by the market. Gross rental revenue (including JV&A) rose
4% y/y to HKD 12.5bn, driven by retail rental growth and
the withdrawal of onshore rental concessions. Over the next
few years, recurrent income is expected to further expand
due to new investment properties, including the High Speed
Rail West Kowloon Terminus Development JV project. Its
Hong Kong office segment (one-third of Hong Kong rental
revenue) saw revenue declining a modest 3% y/y amid
the rising supply, but was supported by flight-to-quality
demand. The company’s Hong Kong office occupancy was
steady h/h at 92%.

SHKP’s total debt rose 9% to HKD 136bn as of end-2023,
and net gearing was higher at 21.2% (from 18.2% six
months ago). Using S&P’s methodology, we estimate its
adjusted debt (deducting 75% of cash on hand and adding
lease liabilities plus guarantees) was also higher by 13% h/
h on a reduced cash balance. As a result, adjusted debt/
LTM EBITDA increased to 3.95x (from 3.4x in FY23). A
leverage ratio above 3.5x on a sustained basis may trigger

Asia Pacific bonds

46

1619041_9b0ca082-8df5-4821-8e54-eb8e68ab0716.pdf



a downgrade by S&P, in our view. That said, we think the
full-year number will improve given that SHKP expects to
receive HKD 20bn in sales proceeds in the next few months.
Its prudent financial management and disciplined capex will
also prevent a sharp increase in debt, in our view. Despite
higher interest costs, we estimate that SHKP has maintained
a satisfactory adjusted interest coverage ratio at above 6x.
The company has a strong liquidity position, including ample
undrawn committed banking facilities.

Investment view
We view SHKP as a resilient credit due to its leading market
position, robust recurring income, and a strong balance
sheet. Based on our analysis above, we expect a stable rating
trajectory over the next 6–12 months. We currently have Fair
ratings across the curve.

Key downside risks to our view include a worse-than-
expected softening in the property market and aggressive
debt-funded investments.

Swire Pacific
UBS credit outlook: Stable
Moody’s/S&P ratings: A3/A-
Analyst coverage: Eve Li

Company updates
Swire Pacific is a Hong Kong-based conglomerate with
property investment and trading, beverages, aviation,
trading, and industrial businesses. It principally operates in
Hong Kong, mainland China, and Southeast Asia, after the
disposal of its beverage franchise business in the US in
2023. The company has three core divisions: 1) property
(Swire Properties), which consists of the development and
operation of commercial properties, as well as property
trading activities; 2) beverages (Swire Coca-Cola), which
runs the manufacturing, marketing and distribution of
products from the Coca-Cola company exclusively in
certain regions across mainland China, Hong Kong, Taiwan,
Vietnam, and Cambodia; and 3) aviation, which includes an
associate interest in Cathay Group and the wholly-owned
Hong Kong Aircraft Engineering Company (HAECO). As of
end-2023, JS&S owned 60.3% of Swire Pacific, with 68.1%
of voting rights.

In 2023, Swire Pacific reported HKD 94.8bn in revenue,
+3% y/y. By revenue contribution, beverages, aviation, and
property accounted for 55%, 19%, and 15%, respectively,
of the top-line. The reported recurring underlying profit
jumped to HKD 10.4bn (from HKD 3.8bn), led by the
turnaround of the aviation business. Property, aviation, and
beverages contributed to 57%, 34%, and 23% of the
recurring underlying profit, respectively. Despite elevated
capex and an investment of HKD 23bn in the year, the
company managed to lower its net debt by 2% to HKD
60.2bn. The reduction was mainly supported by operating

cash flows and HKD 36bn in disposal proceeds. As of
end-2023, it had HKD 34.9bn in undrawn committed
facilities. Net gearing also improved to 18.5% (from 19.5%).
While its adjusted interest expenses may further increase
over the next 1–2 years from HKD 3.4bn in 2024, its high
exposure to fixed-rate borrowings (76%) provides some
buffer, in our view.

Investment view
Swire Pacific remains active in investing in its core markets
and segments. In February 2024, it conditionally agreed to
acquire a majority stake of franchise businesses in Thailand
and Laos. In May 2024, it also completed the acquisition of a
controlling stake in DeltaHealth in China. Healthcare-related
investments may continue to pick up, in our view, and its
total debt could grow amid the ongoing investment plans.
That said, with the resumption of Cathay Pacific’s dividends,
the ramp-up of its newly acquired business and the launch
of some property projects, we think the company’s EBITDA
growth may gradually pick up over the next two years. We
expect the company to invest prudently over the period to
maintain a leverage ratio that is in line with its current rating
(4.1x in 2023, versus S&P's 4.5x downgrade trigger). We
remain neutral on its curve due to less appealing valuations.

Key risks include 1) more aggressive-than-expected
investments and a slow ramp-up of newly acquired
businesses that lead to a higher leverage; and 2) a worse-
than-expected rental performance from Swire Properties for
a sustained period.

Swire Properties
UBS credit outlook: Stable
Moody’s/S&P ratings: A2/NR
Analyst coverage: Eve Li

Company updates
Founded in 1972, Swire Properties is a leading developer,
owner, and operator of prime mixed-used properties. As
of end-2023, its completed leasing and hotel portfolio had
an attributable gross floor area of 24.4mn sqft and was
diversified in offices (50%), retail (37%), hotel (10%), and
service apartments (3%). The company also had a pipeline
of 10mn square feet of investment properties and 4.7mn
square feet in trading properties. Its flagship properties
include Pacific Place and Taikoo Place in Hong Kong, and
Taikoo Li and Taikoo Hui projects in top-tier cities in mainland
China. The valuation of its investment property portfolio
has reached HKD 281bn currently, excluding hotels and
joint-venture projects. Out of its HKD 15.2bn in attributable
gross rental income in 2023, the biggest contributor was
Hong Kong office (38%), followed by mainland China retail
(34%), Hong Kong retail (17%), and others. The company is
82% owned by the conglomerate Swire Pacific, accounting
for nearly half of the parent’s recurring attributable profit
in 2023.

Asia Pacific bonds

47

1619041_9b0ca082-8df5-4821-8e54-eb8e68ab0716.pdf



In 2023, Swire Properties grew its attributable gross rental
income by 8% to HKD 15.2bn in 2023, as its retail
portfolio posted significant growth post-border reopening
and the acquisition of additional interests in Taikoo
Li Chengdu. Rental revenue from Hong Kong offices,
however, declined 3% due to negative rental reversion.
The company continued its HKD 100bn investment plan
and had committed 60% at end-2023 (from 39% at
end-2022). Among the investments last year, it acquired
a 40% stake in two mixed-use projects in Shanghai and
obtained ownership in several redevelopment projects in
Hong Kong.

Despite capital recycling including the disposal of 12 office
floors at One Island East to the Securities and Futures
Commission, the debt-funded expansion led to a higher
debt level, and net debt nearly doubled to HKD 36.7bn.
That said, net gearing stayed low at 12.7% and its undrawn
committed facilities further increased to HKD 12.7bn (from
HKD 9.9bn). In 2023, its weighted average borrowing cost
edged up to 4.1% (from 3.2%), with the portion of fixed-
rate borrowings staying high at 68%.

In May, Swire Properties released its 1Q24 operating update,
revealing weakness across the board. For the Hong Kong
office segment, while occupancy was largely unchanged at
98% and 91% in Pacific Place and overall Taikoo Place,
respectively, negative rental reversion widened to –17%/–
13% in the quarter, compared to –12%/–6% in 2023.
Its mainland China retail portfolio also saw tenants’ sales
declining due to renovation and a high base, except for
Taikoo Li Qiantan in Shanghai, which posted a modest gain
of 1%. Occupancy, however, remained healthy at 92–100%
for its six retail projects.

Investment view
Adding attributable net debt of JVs and associates, we
estimate that the company’s net leverage increased to
4.9x as of end-2023 (from 3.7x a year ago) under
Moody’s methodology. Adjusted interest coverage also
weakened to around 6x (from 9.2x) amid the higher
interest rate environment. That said, we think the company
still maintains some rating buffer against the downgrade
triggers. Swire Properties’ US dollar bonds still offer a
slight premium versus similarly-rated Hong Kong investment
grade bonds, reflecting market concerns over their Hong
Kong investment property exposure—we view this as Fair.

Key downside risks to our view include 1) more aggressive
debt-funded investments; and 2) a worse-than-expected
rental performance for a sustained period.

Asia Pacific bonds

48

1619041_9b0ca082-8df5-4821-8e54-eb8e68ab0716.pdf



Figure 24 - Indian issuers covered in this report
and their respective credit views

Source: UBS. Please see the back of the report for the definition of risk
flags

Table 9 - Key financial & credit metrics (FY2024,
year ending March 2024)

Source: Company reports, UBS

Adani Ports
UBS credit outlook: Stable
Moody’s/S&P ratings: Baa3/BBB-
Analyst coverage: Devinda Paranathanthri

Company updates
Adani Ports is one of the largest privately-owned port
operators in India. FY24 results were strong, with the
company achieving 24% growth in cargo handled,
representing around a quarter of the country’s total cargo
volumes. Consolidated revenue and EBITDA for FY24 were
up 28% and 24%, respectively, while its debt declined
modestly. As a result, overall net debt to EBITDA improved
to 2.5x in FY24 from 3.5x in FY23. Given the stable GDP

growth backdrop for India, the near-term earnings outlook
for Adani Ports is also constructive, and we believe the
company in on track to achieve 10–15% growth in EBITDA.
Following the negative headlines relating to a short-seller
report, management vowed to take a more measured
approach to capex. However, we note that FY24 capex still
exceeded previous guidance. Given that access to funding
has somewhat normalized after last year’s concerns, we
would not be surprised to see management embark on
some acquisitions going forward. With net leverage now
at 2.5x, we believe there is a bit more headroom for the
company's ratings to cope with potential M&As.

Investment view
We expect the corporate governance premium on the
bonds (vs. its Indian BBB peers) to remain throughout the
remainder of the year. While recent developments suggest
the regulator’s inquiry may end without an unfavorable
outcome for Adani, we will not be surprised to see negative
headlines pop up time and time again. Therefore, we
continue to expect increased volatility in the bonds. From
a credit perspective, a rating downgrade or material issues
regarding access to funding are unlikely, in our view. We
note that all the major rating agencies now have a stable
outlook on Adani Ports, and its overall credit metrics have
improved materially over the past year. Adani Energy issued
a USD bond in 1Q24, and we believe Adani Ports will also
be able to issue debt in the primary market to meet its near-
term debt maturities albeit at a higher cost than in the past.
We are comfortable owning bonds up to 4–5 years but take
a more cautious approach to the longer-dated ones.

Key risks include an unfavorable outcome from the
regulator’s investigation and aggressive M&As at the
expense of the company's balance sheet.

Adani Transmission
UBS credit outlook: Stable
Moody’s/S&P ratings: Baa3/NR
Analyst coverage: Devinda Paranathanthri

Company updates
Adani Transmission is one of the largest private sector
power transmission companies in India. FY24 earnings
overall showed strong growth, with revenue and EBITDA
increasing 25% and 33%, respectively. However, annual
capex remained high at nearly INR 55bn, leaving limited
room for debt reduction. The company has previously
guided that annual capex will likely stay at this level in
the medium term, which is likely to limit free cash flow
generation. Net leverage improved to 5.5x in FY24 from 6.9x
in FY23.

Investment view
The transmission business is a highly regulated one, with
revenues under both cost-plus and tariff-based competitive

Asia Pacific bonds

49

1619041_9b0ca082-8df5-4821-8e54-eb8e68ab0716.pdf



bidding frameworks likely to offer relatively stable earnings
going forward. While Adani Transmission's net leverage of
above 5x looks optically high, we are comfortable with these
leverage levels as it is a stable utility business. We expect
the corporate governance premium on the bonds (vs. its
Indian BBB peers) to remain for the remainder of the year.
While recent developments suggest the regulator’s inquiry
may end without an unfavorable outcome for Adani, we will
not be surprised to see negative headlines pop up from time
to time. Therefore, we continue to expect increased volatility
in the bonds. We are comfortable owning the 2026 bond,
but stay cautious on the 2036 bond until the governance-
related headlines settle down.

Key risks include an unfavorable outcome from the
regulator’s investigation and aggressive M&As at the
expense of the company's balance sheet.

Bharti Airtel
UBS credit outlook: Stable
Moody’s/S&P ratings: Baa3/BBB-
Analyst coverage: Joel Tan

Company updates
Bharti Airtel is India’s largest integrated communications
provider and the second-largest mobile operator in Africa.
The company has posted robust revenue and EBITDA growth
over the past few years, driven by a growing consumer base
and improved pricing power. FY24 results were mixed, as
revenue rose 7.8% to INR 1.1tr, EBITDA increased 12.3% to
INR 790bn, but profits declined 19.5% to INR 65bn. During
FY24, Bharti Airtel rolled out more than 46,000 network
towers and increased its subscriber base by 43.5 million
customers, which boosted its top-line performance. Region-
wise, Bharti Airtel’s Indian operations outperformed, while
its African operations were bogged down by the devaluation
of African currencies during the year. Higher finance costs
also ate into Bharti Airtel’s profitability. Bharti Airtel’s credit
metrics remained broadly stable in FY24, with net leverage
at 2.6x (FY23: 3.1x) and interest coverage at 3.5x (FY23:
3.7x). Gearing (total debt/capital) marginally improved to
67.1% (FY23: 68%). Going forward, we expect Bharti Airtel
to continue on its deleveraging trend, buoyed by strong free
cash flow generation.

Investment view
Bharti Airtel’s established presence in the Indian and
African telecom markets, a growing subscriber base, and
improved pricing power following sector consolidation
should continue to support its financial and credit profile, in
our view. We think Bharti Airtel’s credit metrics are on solid
footing for a low BBB credit, and we do not expect the issuer
to be a fallen angel candidate in the near term. Bharti Airtel
also enjoys operational support from dominant shareholder
Singtel, which is majority owned by Temasek Holdings.
We see Bharti’s senior bonds as fairly valued compared to

other Indian low BBB credits. For investors looking for yield
enhancement, Bharti Airtel’s subordinated perpetual notes
provide a decent yield pickup over the senior bonds, with
their reasonable reset spreads reducing extension risk.

Key risks include unfavorable regulatory changes which
negatively impact its operational performance, heightened
geopolitical risks in the countries that the company operates
in, and foreign exchange risk in relation to its African
operations.

Delhi International Airport
UBS credit outlook: Improving
Moody’s/S&P ratings: B1/BB-
Analyst coverage: Devinda Paranathanthri

Company updates
Delhi International Airport (DIAL) operates, manages, and
develops India's Indira Gandhi International Airport. India’s
air passenger traffic has now fully recovered to pre-
COVID levels, with Delhi International Airport’s FY24 traffic
reaching 73.7mn, up 13% y/y. The multi-year Phase 3A
expansion is finally coming to an end, with the new terminal
likely to be operational in 3Q24. The company does not
expect much expansion capex in the coming year. Therefore,
we believe the company's leverage metrics likely peaked in
FY24 and should start to gradually improve in the coming
two to three years. We expect FY24 debt to EBITDA to be
around 11x and we believe this can improve to around 7x in
FY26. Assuming around 8–9% growth in passenger traffic
annually, we believe this metric will improve to around 5–6x
in the next three years as the new capacity generates more
earnings. Rating agencies have already taken into account
potential improvements, and the company has received a
few rating upgrades after passenger traffic recovered over
the past year.

Tariffs for the next control period (FY25–29) are due for
renewal, but there may be a delay judging by past trends.
However, as the company's relationship with the regulator
becomes more mature, we do not expect to see an extended
delay and believe there could be a finalization in the current
calendar year. DIAL's larger asset base after the phase 3A
capex will likely increase the tariffs as they are determined
based on the return-on-assets model.

Investment view
While any potential delays in finalizing the new tariffs
remain a risk, we believe Delhi International Airport’s
fundamentals are on the right track. If its leverage can
improve based on our above estimate, we believe its credit
rating can improve to a low BB by all three agencies. The
company has also shown its ability to access the onshore
bond market, which alleviates any near-term refinancing
concerns. We believe most of the positive developments
mentioned above are already priced into the bonds as they

Asia Pacific bonds

50

1619041_9b0ca082-8df5-4821-8e54-eb8e68ab0716.pdf



currently trade in line with their BB peers. We see the 2029
bond as a stable carry play in the near term.

Key risks include extended delays in finalizing the tariffs for
the next control period resulting in a slower deleveraging
process.

Export-Import Bank of India
UBS credit outlook: Stable
Moody’s/S&P ratings: Baa3/BBB-
Analyst coverage: Timothy Tay

Company updates
Set up under an Act of Parliament in 1981 by the
Government of India, Export-Import Bank of India (EXIM
India) is a 100% state-owned policy institution that provides
financial assistance to exporters and importers with the
objective of promoting India’s international trade. EXIM
India’s loan book is fairly evenly split between policy loans
(backed by government guarantees) and commercial loans,
with are generally to high quality issuers (87% rated
BBB and above). In FY24 (financial year ending March),
EXIM India recorded robust net interest income of INR
149bn (+36.2% y/y) and a very healthy profit of INR 25bn
(+612.9% y/y), driven by robust loan growth and reduced
provisioning. As at end-March 2024, total loans amounted
to INR 1.6tr (+17.2% y/y), accompanied by a 20.3% y/
y rise in debt issued and borrowings to INR 1.5tr. Asset
quality improved significantly in FY24, with gross non-
performing assets (NPAs) declining to 1.9% (FY23: 4.1%),
while provision coverage ticked slightly higher to 97%
(FY23: 95%). On the capitalization front, EXIM India’s CET1
and total capital adequacy ratio weakened to 19.6% (FY23:
23.7%) and 21.2% (FY23: 25.4%), albeit still at healthy
levels.

Investment view
We view EXIM India’s as strategically important to the
state, on the back of its key policy role, 100% state
ownership, and strong track record of liquidity support by
the government during periods of stress. EXIM’s founding
act mandates strong government oversight and control via
its representation on EXIM India’s board. Aside from its state
backing, EXIM India’s credit quality is also underpinned by
healthy profitability, improved asset quality, and a robust
regulatory capital position. EXIM India is typically viewed
as a proxy to the Indian sovereign in the international
bond market, allowing it to enjoy better funding rates than
its similarly-rated Indian peers. Likewise, we view EXIM
India as effectively an effective extension of the Indian
government, and investors who want USD exposure to
the Indian sovereign (which does not issue USD debt) can
consider EXIM India’s USD bonds as an equivalent.

Key risks for EXIM India include sharp asset quality
deterioration from its commercial loan exposure, a heavy

reliance on wholesale funding, and negative developments
relating to India’s sovereign rating

HPCL-Mittal Energy
UBS credit outlook: Stable
Moody’s/S&P ratings: Ba1/NR
Analyst coverage: Devinda Paranathanthri

Company updates
HPCL-Mittal Energy (HMEL) is a leading integrated refining
and petrochemical company in India and is a joint venture
between Hindustan Petroleum Corporation Ltd (HPCL)
and Mittal Energy Investments Pte Ltd (MEI). Given the
complexity of the refinery, it has been able to achieve
higher gross refining margins (GRMs) than the Singapore
benchmark GRM. The multi-year petrochemical expansion
was completed in 2023 but will only gradually start to
contribute to earnings. Combining potential earnings from
the new petrochemical business, HMEL believes it will be
able to achieve EBITDA of around USD 800–900mn annually.
Fitch expects the company’s leverage to improve from 5x in
FY24 to around 4.5x in FY25. No major capex is planned
going forward, which should limit significant debt additions.

Investment view
Credit metrics should gradually improve as significant capex
is now behind us, but we believe this is already factored
into its ratings. HMEL does not have major debt repayments
until the USD bond maturity in 2026. The company could
look to refinance the 2026 bond at least partly over the
coming year by either issuing onshore or offshore debt. We
are comfortable with the credit profile for HMEL but believe
bond yields at low 6% will likely limit further upside.

Key risks include a big correction in GRMs limiting any
improvement in its balance sheet over the next year.

Indian Railway Finance Corporation
UBS credit outlook: Stable
Agency ratings: Baa3/BBB-
Analyst coverage: Joel Tan

Company updates
Indian Railway Finance Corporation (IRFC) is the dedicated
financing arm of the Ministry of Railways (MoR), with 86.4%
ownership by the Indian government. As a non-banking
financial company (NBFC), IRFC finances the acquisition
of rolling stock assets and railway infrastructure assets,
which are then leased to the Ministry of Railways (MoR). In
FY24, IRFC posted healthy growth in both interest income
(+16.9% y/y) and lease income (+10.2% y/y), driven by
higher lease receivables (+6.7% y/y) of INR 2.6tr and a
stable net interest margin of 1.38% (FY23: 1.39%). Despite
the strong top-line performance, IRFC’s net profit only
increased by a modest 4% y/y to INR 64.1bn, mainly due

Asia Pacific bonds

51

1619041_9b0ca082-8df5-4821-8e54-eb8e68ab0716.pdf



to a notable rise in interest expenses (+15.2% y/y) to INR
201bn. On the back of margin compression, its return on
assets and return on equity declined to 1.3% (FY23: 1.4%)
and 13.7% (FY23: 14.5%), respectively. With regard to
asset quality, IRFC continues to record zero non-performing
assets, given that almost 99% of its assets are exposed to
the MoR, essentially guaranteed by the Indian government.
IRFC’s gearing (total debt/equity) improved to 8.4x in FY24
(FY23: 9.4x), comfortably below the 10x internal guideline
set by management. The NBFC’s capitalization profile also
strengthened in FY24, with its capital adequacy ratio rising
to 616% (FY23: 485%).

Investment view
IRFC’s stable credit profile is underpinned by its majority
government ownership and strategic policy role, high
quality loan book predominantly exposed to MoR, and
stable profitability arising from its long-term leases based on
a cost-plus model. We believe IRFC’s credit risk is inherently
tied to the sovereign, on the basis that state support will
be forthcoming if needed. Valuation-wise, IRFC’s bonds
are trading slightly tighter than other Indian NBFCs such
as Power Finance and REC, which we think is justified
given IRFC’s higher government shareholding and lower
counterparty risk.

Key risks for IRFC include aggressive expansion in
commercial financing which may result in asset quality
deterioration, a high reliance on wholesale funding which
may be costly during periods of economic stress, and
negative developments relating to India’s sovereign rating.

NTPC Limited
UBS credit outlook: Stable
Moody’s/S&P ratings: Baa3/BBB-
Analyst coverage: Devinda Paranathanthri

Company updates
NTPC is a power generation company, which is 51% owned
by the Indian government. It is the largest power generator
in India in terms of both installed capacity and generated
output. The company generates relatively stable earnings
generated based on availability-based tariffs. The current
tariff framework assures returns on its regulated asset base
with cost pass-throughs. FY24 earnings were rather flat
versus FY23. Total debt to EBITDA stood at about 4.6x and
we expect it to stay around that level in the medium term
due to ongoing capex requirements. According to S&P, the
company is likely to spend around INR 250–320bn a year
to add around 5GW of capacity. This, along with annual
dividends, will limit any improvement in credit metrics, but
we expect such fundamental factors to play a secondary role
given the government ownership.

Investment view
Given the strategic importance, NTPC is an issuer where we
see high likelihood of government support. Its metrics are
slightly weak compared to its BBB rated peers, but given the
likelihood of support we expect rating agencies to continue
to rate the company in line with the sovereign rating.

Key risks include any negative developments relating to
India’s sovereign rating.

Oil and Natural Gas Corporation (ONGC)
UBS credit outlook: Stable
Moody’s/S&P ratings: Baa3/BBB-
Analyst coverage: Devinda Paranathanthri

Company updates
ONGC is an integrated oil & gas producer based in India and
majority owned by the Indian government. Its production
volumes have been in a modest decline over the past
few years, but management expects an improvement in
the next two years driven by production ramp-up at one
of its deep-water offshore fields. Improving production
amid the current oil price environment, as well as positive
contributions from the downstream business, will likely
contribute to ONGC's earnings in the coming year. ONGC’s
FY24 revenues fell 6% due to lower oil prices, but EBITDA
grew 27%. Total debt to EBITDA likely stood at around
1.4x in FY24, which is quite comfortable for its rating. The
acquisition of an additional stake in OPaL will entail some
cash outlay in the coming years. The company is expected
to spend around INR 184bn to repurchase convertible
debentures and to restructure debt and turnaround its
operations. This will likely limit a further improvement in
credit metrics.

Investment view
We consider ONGC as a strategically important entity for the
Indian government as there is a high likelihood of support
should there be any need. The acquisition of HPCL back in
2018 further strengthened its strategic importance. Overall,
we believe valuations will be driven by India’s sovereign
fundamentals which we assess to be fairly stable at this
point. ONGC's credit metrics are in line with its rating, and
we expect credit fundamentals to be fairly stable in the
medium term. The company has a bond maturing in July
2024, and we could see a new issue to refinance this.

Key risks include any negative developments relating to
India’s sovereign rating.

Asia Pacific bonds

52

1619041_9b0ca082-8df5-4821-8e54-eb8e68ab0716.pdf



Power Finance Corporation
UBS credit outlook: Stable
Moody’s/S&P ratings: Baa3/NR
Analyst coverage: Joel Tan

Company updates
Power Finance Corporation (PFC) is the largest state-owned
non-banking financial company (NBFC) in India with the
mandate of lending to India’s power sector, primarily to
government sector borrowers. The company is 56% owned
by the Indian government. Over the past few years, PFC
has steadily grown its loan book, boosting its interest
income and profitability as a result. Asset quality and
capital adequacy have also improved progressively since the
pandemic. In FY24, PFC posted a strong set of results;
interest income rose 17.8% to INR 901bn while net profit
increased 24.9% to INR 265bn. Strong top-line growth
came on the back of robust loan growth (+15.5% y/y), while
net interest margin (NIM) inched higher to 3.46% (FY23:
3.36%). PFC’s asset quality also strengthened, with gross
non-performing loan (NPL) ratio falling to 3.34% (FY23:
3.91%). PFC’s capital position remained solid, as reflected
by a capital adequacy ratio of 25.4% (FY23: 24.4%).

In early May, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) proposed
new tighter rules for infrastructure project financing, which
may potentially result in NBFCs such as PFC requiring
higher provisions and hence reducing capital buffers. If
finalized, the RBI’s new rules may optically weaken PFC’s
capitalization metrics, but we do not expect a material
impact on its credit profile, especially as higher provisioning
may be construed as a credit positive.

Investment view
PFC’s healthy credit profile is supported by its solid
profitability, improving asset quality, and an ample capital
position. Moreover, we view PFC as strategically important
to India’s power sector and expect a high likelihood of state
support if required. Given the close links with the Indian
government, we expect any rating changes to be driven by
the sovereign rather than at a standalone level. Valuation-
wise, PFC’s senior bonds are largely trading in line with other
comparable state-owned NBFCs, and we do not see any
reasons for divergence in the near term. We are comfortable
holding PFC’s bonds for decent carry in the Indian IG space.

Key risks for PFC include a deterioration in its capitalization
metrics in the event that tighter project financing rules are
finalized, a heavy reliance on wholesale funding which may
be costly during periods of economic stress, and negative
developments relating to India’s sovereign rating.

REC Ltd
UBS credit outlook: Stable
Moody’s/S&P ratings: Baa3/NR
Analyst coverage: Devinda Paranathanthri

Company updates
REC Ltd, formerly Rural Electrification Corporation Ltd,
is a non-banking financial company (NBFC) that extends
financing to various entities within India’s power sector.
REC is majority owned by state-owned Power Finance
Corporation (PFC) and is under the administrative control of
the Ministry of Power. REC has enjoyed robust loan growth
over the past few years, with interest income and profits
showing a healthy uptrend. The NBFC’s asset quality and
capitalization metrics have also improved steadily since the
pandemic. In FY24, REC posted net interest income of INR
464bn (+19.5% y/y), while net profit amounted to INR
141bn (+26.7% y/y). REC’s strong financial performance
came on the back of healthy loan growth (+17.2% y/y)
and an expansion in its NIM to 3.57% (FY23: 3.38%). On
the asset quality front, REC’s gross NPL ratio improved to
2.71% (FY23: 3.42%) although its provision coverage ratio
marginally weakened to 68.45% (FY23: 70.64%). REC’s
capital buffers remain healthy, with the NFC boasting a
capital adequacy ratio of 25.82% (FY23: 25.78%). We
highlight that the RBI’s proposed new rules for infrastructure
project financing may weaken REC’s capitalization ratios,
but we do not expect REC’s credit profile to deteriorate
significantly.

Investment view
Similar to its parent PFC, we see REC as strategically
important in implementing power sector reform in India.
While REC is not directly owned by the Indian government,
we expect the NBFC to receive state support via parent PFC
when needed. On a standalone basis, REC’s credit profile
has improved over the past few years, marked by growing
profitability, improving asset quality, and solid capitalization.
On the rating front, we expect its rating to be closely tied
with PFC and the Indian sovereign rating. Valuation-wise,
REC’s bonds are largely trading in line with bonds issued by
parent PFC and marginally wider than other majority state-
owned NBFC credits such as Indian Railway Finance. We
view REC’s bonds as a decent carry play within the Indian
IG space.

Key risks for REC include a deterioration in its capitalization
metrics in the event that tighter project financing rules are
finalized, a heavy reliance on wholesale funding which may
be costly during periods of economic stress, and negative
developments relating to India’s sovereign rating.

Asia Pacific bonds

53

1619041_9b0ca082-8df5-4821-8e54-eb8e68ab0716.pdf



Reliance Industries
UBS credit outlook: Stable
Moody’s/S&P ratings: Baa2/BBB+
Analyst coverage: Devinda Paranathanthri

Company updates
Reliance Industries is a diversified conglomerate in India
engaged in oil & gas, telecom, and other digital services.
The company reported FY24 revenues of INR 9.1tr (+2% y/
y) and EBITDA of INR 1.7tr (+16% y/y). Muted growth in the
top line was due weaker oil-to-chemicals revenues, which
were offset by other segments which reported healthy
growth. Overall, credit metrics remained healthy, with debt
to EBITDA at 2.1x and EBITDA coverage at 7.0x. We are also
constructive on Reliance's earnings outlook for FY25, with
the company set to generate EBITDA growth of 10–15%
driven by the telecom and retail businesses.

Investment view
Reliance Industries has invested quite aggressively in the past
two years, with annual capex spending of around INR 1.4–
1.5tr. Such aggressive spending has essentially absorbed
most of its operating cash flows, leaving less room for debt
reduction. However, with earnings essentially doubling over
the past four years, leverage metrics such as debt to EBITDA
remain relatively healthy at 2.1x. We see some scope for an
annual capex drop as 5G rollouts and other petrochemical
expansion related spending falls. Therefore, there is room
for credit metrics to improve from FY25 onwards although
we expect this to be modest. Nonetheless, upside for credit
spreads are also limited at current tight valuations.

Key risks include further aggressive capex or M&As which
could increase balance sheet debt meaningfully in the
medium term.

Tata Motors
UBS credit outlook: Improving
Moody’s/S&P ratings: Ba3/BB+
Analyst coverage: Devinda Paranathanthri

Company updates
Tata Motors is one of India’s largest automobile
manufacturers and owns 100% of Jaguar Land Rover (JLR).
Overall, earnings have been quite solid, with both Tata
Motors and JLR recording strong growth in the past year.
FY24 consolidated revenues and EBITDA were up 26% and
70%, respectively. On a standalone basis, JLR’s FY24 results
continued to be strong, with record revenues of GBP 29bn,
up 23% y/y. Both entities have been reducing their net
debt positions in the past two years. The Indian domestic
business is already in net cash position, and management
has previously guided JLR should be net cash by end-FY25.
With positive free cash flows, the Indian business should be
able to reduce debt further.

In March 2024, the company announced plans to split
its commercial vehicle (CV) and passenger vehicle (PV)
businesses into two separate listed entities. The two bonds
issued by TML Holdings will be under the PV business after
the de-merger is completed. The October 2024 bond issued
by Tata Motors will likely mature before the exercise is
completed. We expect the deleveraging process to continue
after the de-merger and the company to achieve an overall
net cash position over time. S&P expects total debt to
EBITDA to improve to 0.7x in FY25 from 3.0x in FY23, and
we believe these metrics will increasingly support a rating
upgrade in the next two years.

Investment view
We remain constructive of Tata Motors’ fundamental
outlook. We believe a rating upgrade is likely by Moody’s in
the coming year as it rates the company at Ba3, two notches
below S&P. With debt levels coming down, the company
may not refinance the maturing 2024 bond in the market,
and the amount of outstanding bonds could drop in 2024.
We see Tata Motors' bonds as a comfortable carry play
although upside is limited at current yield levels.

Key risks to our view include a major slowdown in
revenues, which will increase leverage and limit further
rating upgrades.

Tata Steel
UBS credit outlook: Stable
Moody’s/S&P ratings: Baa3/BBB-
Analyst coverage: Devinda Paranathanthri

Company updates
Tata Steel is one of the largest steel producers in India
under the Tata Group of companies. In January, the company
announced the shutdown of blast furnaces at its UK Port
Talbot plant. This should be a small positive as it will help
to cut losses in the Europe business. However, the UK
and Europe assets remain a weak link in its portfolio due
to their lower profitability. In contrast, the India business
remains strong, and we expect a sizable growth in earnings
after the Kalinganagar expansion starts to contribute upon
completion. Tata Steel's consolidated EBITDA for FY24 was
down 29% at INR2 34bn from the high base in FY23 due
to weaker contributions from the overseas businesses. India
business EBITDA was still up 10% y/y at INR 310bn. During
the fourth quarter, per ton losses from the UK and Europe
businesses narrowed meaningfully. Due to lower EBITDA,
net debt to EBITDA increased to 3.3x in FY24 from 2.1x in
FY23.

Investment view
We believe Tata Steel’s credit metrics are relatively healthy
despite a modest weakening since 2022. The overall
earnings outlook for the India business remains constructive

Asia Pacific bonds

54

1619041_9b0ca082-8df5-4821-8e54-eb8e68ab0716.pdf



as we see robust domestic steel demand given the
Indian government’s focus on infrastructure spending. The
Kalinganagar expansion is likely to be completed in FY25.
With the company's expansion starting to contribute to
earnings, leverage should improve to below 3x by end-2025.
Due to cost considerations, we believe Tata Steel will
increasingly look at the onshore market for debt funding,
but we will not rule out issuance in the USD market if rates
move lower. We are comfortable owning the 2028 bond.

Key risks include further capex at the expense of its
balance sheet and deterioration in profitability in the Europe
operations.

Vedanta Resources
UBS credit outlook: Stable
Moody’s/S&P ratings: Caa3/B-
Analyst coverage: Devinda Paranathanthri

Company updates
Vedanta Resources is a diversified resources company with
assets mainly located in India. With the maturity extension
out of the way, the focus of bondholders will likely shift
to the company’s asset sales plans and its operating
performance. On asset sales, Vedanta Resources is looking
to sell its iron ore and steel businesses in the coming
year. This will be the next key catalyst to watch for the
bonds, with the focus on how much debt can be reduced
with the proceeds. While the extension of the USD bonds
has improved Vedanta Resources’ bond maturity schedule
materially, the company still has a sizable amount of loans
maturing annually. We believe the upcoming maturities can
be refinanced in the loan market although any delays to the
asset sale plans need to be closely watched.

With the coupon rate of three of Vedanta Resources'
bonds increased to 13.875% and the new USD 1.25bn
funding raised for bond repayment reported at a cost of
18%, Vedanta Resources’ total interest expense will be
around USD 800mn annually. This would need to be funded
by inflows from dividends and brand fees. Based on the
prevailing commodity prices, we believe the company will be
able to upstream sufficient funds to cover interest payments.
Vedanta Ltd has approved plans to raise USD 1bn of equity
after the meaningful rally in its share price. The share
price rally also increases the possibility of the company
again monetizing a part of its stake in Vedanta Ltd. Based
on the current market value, Vedanta holdco could raise
around USD 1bn by selling a 5% stake; this could lead to a
meaningful debt reduction.

Vedanta Ltd’s FY24 results were stable, with EBITDA up
3% driven by better oil & gas, and aluminum and iron
ore earnings, despite being offset by its weaker zinc
business. Vedanta Resources' key commodity prices have
risen by around 10% this calendar year, and we think prices

will remain well-supported for the remainder of the year,
boosting earnings visibility for FY25.

Investment view
Our view that commodity prices will remain resilient for
the next six months will likely give the company more
financial flexibility, allowing it to upstream enough dividends
to service its debt. Additionally, the recent rally in India-listed
Vedanta Ltd's share price also increases fundraising options
as it now gets more bang for the buck should it decide to
monetize more of this stake. The outcome of the asset sale
plan will still be closely watched, and based on management
guidance it will likely be delayed until 3Q24. On balance, we
see more positive catalysts for Vedanta Resources in the next
six months, leaving us more constructive on the 2026 bond
as a short-term tactical play. However, we do not believe
the bond is ideal for hold-to-maturity type investors. The
company is yet to have access to the USD bond market and
if management fails to reduce debt in the next 12 months,
the maturity wall from 2026 onwards can be challenging.

Key risks to our view include a commodity price correction,
the company abandoning its asset sale plan, and any
aggressive M&A.

Asia Pacific bonds

55

1619041_9b0ca082-8df5-4821-8e54-eb8e68ab0716.pdf



Figure 25 - Indonesian issuers covered in this
report and their respective credit views

Source: UBS. Please see the back of the report for the definition of risk
flags

Table 10 - Key financial & credit metrics (FY2023)

Source: Company reports, UBS

PT Cikarang Listrindo
UBS credit outlook: Stable
Moody’s/S&P ratings: Ba1/BB+
Analyst coverage: Devinda Paranathanthri

Company updates
Cikarang Listrindo (CL) is an Indonesia-based independent
power producer (IPP). It has a total 1.1GW of generation
capacity, including two gas fired plants (864MW) and one
coal-fired plant (280MW). About 15% of its revenues are
from the state electricity company Perusahaan Listrik Negara
(PLN) under a long-term power purchase contract. The
remaining 85% is from power sold to industrial customers
in various sectors. Given the nature of the business, CL’s
earnings have been relatively stable in the past three years,
with EBITDA around the USD 180–200mn range. Its debt
structure is relatively simple, with just a USD 500mn bond

maturing in 2026. As a result, debt to EBITDA was around
2.7x for 2023 and is relatively healthy for its rating. Cikarang
has been generating free cash flows in the past few years
and used that to build its cash balance to around USD
428mn as of 1Q24. As a result, the net debt position is very
low at USD 62mn.

Investment view
We consider CL to be a relatively stable credit with simple
debt structure and lower leverage than other IPP players.
The company needs to look at refinancing the 2026 bond
soon, but we do not believe it will be a big challenge. CL had
around USD 428mn in cash as of March 2024, which it can
use to refinance a significant portion of the bond. However,
given the sizable coal power generation capacity, CL will
have to pay some ESG premium should it decide to return
to the USD market. There is limited upside to the current
BB+ rating given the size of the generation capacity, in our
view. We consider the bonds to be a fairly stable short-term
carry play.

Key risks to our view include any operational issues with its
power plants which result in lower availability.

PT Indofood CBP Sukses Makmur
UBS credit outlook: Improving
Moody’s/S&P ratings: Baa3/NR
Analyst coverage: Joel Tan

Company updates
PT Indofood CBP Sukses Makmur Tbk (ICBP) is the largest
packed good company in Indonesia by retail value share,
with over 70% domestic market share in the instant noodle
category. ICBP is 80.5% owned by PT Indofood Sukses
Makmur Tbk (INDF), which is ultimately controlled by the
Salim family. Since the Pinehill acquisition in 2020, ICBP
has experienced steady earnings growth and healthy free
cash flow, allowing the company to steadily deleverage
over the past few years. ICBP posted solid FY23 results,
with revenue of IDR 67.9bn (+4.8% y/y) and EBITDA of
IDR 16.1bn (+6.6% y/y). As for its bottom line, net income
rose 47.9% y/y to IDR 8.5bn although this came off a
low base given the sizable FX loss incurred in FY22. ICBP’s
free cash flow remained robust at IDR 5.3bn (+38.1% y/
y), resulting in a 22.9% increase in its cash balance to
IDR 19.4bn and a 18.6% y/y decline in net debt to IDR
24.6bn. ICBP’s credit metrics strengthened in FY23, with net
leverage at 1.5x (FY22: 2x) and interest coverage at 7.9x
(FY22: 2.4x). Gearing (total debt/capital) also declined to
41.5% from 44.5% in FY22. In 1QFY24, ICBP maintained
healthy revenue growth (+4.8% y/y) although earnings
were dragged down (-37.1% y/y) by a non-cash foreign
exchange loss on the back of IDR depreciation (against
USD). Nonetheless, ICBP’s credit metrics remained healthy
in 1QFY24, with annualized net leverage improving to 1.1x
and gearing staying broadly stable at 41.1%.

Asia Pacific bonds

56

1619041_9b0ca082-8df5-4821-8e54-eb8e68ab0716.pdf



Investment view
ICBP’s strong credit quality is underpinned by its leading
market position and strong brand recognition in the
Indonesian consumer food market. The company boasts
sound credit metrics with a sizable cash balance and low
net leverage, and we expect deleveraging to continue in
the short to medium term on the back of robust cash
generation. Both Moody’s and Fitch currently have positive
outlooks on ICBP, and we would not be surprised if a rating
upgrade materializes in the next 6–12 months. Valuation-
wise, ICBP’s bonds are trading slightly inside similarly-
rated quasi-sovereign Indonesian IG credits, which we think
reflects ICBP’s stronger standalone credit metrics and the
likelihood of an imminent rating upgrade. As privately-
owned IG issuers in Indonesia are rare, ICBP’s bonds benefit
from an element of scarcity value, which should keep bond
prices well supported, in our view.

Key risks for ICBP are a spike in raw material prices
that pressures margins, a sharp depreciation in the IDR
that entails higher borrowing costs (as borrowings are
predominantly in USD), and unfavorable related-party
transactions within the Indofood Group.

Lippo Karawaci
UBS credit outlook: Deteriorating
Moody’s/S&P ratings: Caa1/NR
Analyst coverage: Devinda Paranathanthri

Company updates
Lippo Karawaci (LK) is an Indonesia-based property
developer. The company announced in May 2024 that
it had signed an agreement to sell a 10.4% stake in
Siloam Hospital for USD 240mn. After the stake sale,
LK’s ownership in Siloam will drop to 47.7% from
58.1% currently. While total EBITDA will drop materially
(Siloam accounted for 53% of LK’s EBITDA in 2023) after
deconsolidation, it will bring some much-needed liquidity
to the holding company to refinance the upcoming debt.
Therefore, while credit metrics will deteriorate after the
transaction, we do not see it as a material negative
particularly if it paves the way to monetize further stakes.
That said, even before the transaction, LK’s metrics were not
particularly strong (1Q24 debt to EBITDA was 4.4x) although
they have improved in the past two years. 1Q24 marketing
sales were IDR 1.5tr, or around 28% of the full-year sales
target of IDR 5.4tr. Given the decent pre-sales performance
in the past year, we believe the company will be able to meet
the full-year sales target.

Investment view
The focus over the next year for bond investors will be how
the company refinances its remaining 2025 (USD 66mn) and
2026 bonds (USD 145mn). To that end, the Siloam stake sale
is positive, in our view. That also values the remaining stake
in Siloam at around USD 1.1bn, opening a new avenue for

management to raise funds for the holding company. We
believe the risk of default or restructuring has come down
materially for the 2025 and 2026 bonds but the higher bond
prices largely reflect this. We see little risk-reward to hold
the bonds at current levels.

Key risks to our view include the company not being able
to refinance the remaining USD bonds.

Lippo Malls Indonesia Retail Trust
UBS credit outlook: Deteriorating
Moody’s/S&P ratings: Ca/NR
Analyst coverage: Devinda Paranathanthri

Company updates
Lippo Malls Indonesia Retail Trust (LMIRT) is an Indonesia-
focused retail REIT listed in Singapore. LMIRT’s 1Q24 results
were flat year over year, with gross revenues of SGD 49mn.
The occupancy rate for the quarter was at 79.5%, a modest
improvement from the 79% achieved for full-year 2023 and
well below the 2019 level of 91.5%. In comparison, assets
of other industry players, such as Pakuwon and Ciputra,
are showing occupancy rates of over 90%. The lower
occupancy for LMIRT appears to be a company-specific issue
with its mall portfolio. Additionally, based on LMIRT’s data,
1Q24 shopper traffic was only 75% of what it was in
1Q19. Total debt dropped by around SGD 82mn in 1Q24
to SGD 731mn, but net leverage (excluding the perpetuals)
remained high at 6.4x.

Investment view
With the bond exchange, a portion of the 2024 maturities
will be pushed back by two years, but this will not improve
the maturity profile very much, in our view. We believe the
market will start to worry within a year about the maturity
pile in 2026. Additionally, along with the incremental
secured debt raised from banks in the past six months, these
bonds are getting structurally subordinated in the capital
structure. The company announced recently that its IDR
2.5tr credit facility it secured in May 2024 was upsized to IDR
4.5tr. LMIRT has launched a tender offer for the remaining
USD 149mn outstanding 2026 bond. We believe investors
should tender any holdings at the current market price.

A key risk to our negative view is if the company buys back
all remaining bonds at par.

Medco Energi
UBS credit outlook: Stable
Moody’s/S&P ratings: B1/BB-
Analyst coverage: Devinda Paranathanthri

Company updates
Medco Energi is an upstream oil & gas company based
in Indonesia. Close to 70% of the company’s production

Asia Pacific bonds

57

1619041_9b0ca082-8df5-4821-8e54-eb8e68ab0716.pdf



estimate for 2024 will be from gas of which over 65% is sold
under fixed price contracts. As a result, Medco’s earnings
are less sensitive to oil price movements. Cash costs for
1Q24 were around USD 6.3/boe and the company estimates
this will remain below USD 10/boe going forward. Medco’s
2023 earnings were impacted by lower realized oil prices,
with EBITDA declining 21% y/y. However, credit metrics
remained relatively strong with gross leverage at 2.8x in
2023. Going forward, Medco is guiding for production
to remain rather flat at 145-150 mboepd. Given our
expectation that oil prices will stay resilient for the remainder
of 2024, we believe the company will be able to record
full-year EBITDA of close to USD 1.2bn, with total debt
to EBITDA staying just below 3.0x for 2024. Capex and
potential M&As will likely be key areas of focus for credit
investors. Medco has guided full-year capex of USD 430mn
for 2024, notably higher than the USD 300mn in 2023.
However, this should not lead to any additional debt as
the company should be able to fund it internally given
our EBITDA estimate above. Medco has also engaged in
sizable but EBITDA accretive acquisitions in the past five
years. We believe these purchases have so far helped to
expand its operational profile without putting stress on the
balance sheet. Given that the company has adequate access
to funding from banks as well as the bond market, we
cannot rule out more of such acquisitions going forward.
However, judging by management’s past track record, we
do not believe they will be at the expense of its ratings.

Investment view
We consider Medco to be one of the more stable credits
in the Indonesia HY space. While earnings are likely to be
somewhat volatile due to oil prices, we believe the overall
credit profile is strong enough to manage this. Fitch &
S&P has upgraded the rating to BB-, in line with our view.
The company did a partial tender offer for the 2026 and
2027 bonds, and we believe such corporate actions could
continue as and when the company builds liquidity. Given
the medium-term rating upgrade trajectory, our preference
is for the 2028 and 2029 bonds.

Key risks include aggressive debt-funded acquisitions.

Pakuwon Jati
UBS credit outlook: Stable
Moody’s/S&P ratings: Ba1/BB+
Analyst coverage: Devinda Paranathanthri

Company updates
Pakuwon Jati is a property developer and one of the largest
retail mall owners in Indonesia. Earlier this year, its ratings
were upgraded to Ba1 by Moody’s, and it now has BB
+ equivalent ratings from all three major rating agencies.
Recurring revenues from its mall portfolio contributed to
78% of total revenues in 1Q24, making the earnings profile
resilient to volatility in residential sales. Based on the 1Q24

EBITDA of IDR 833bn (up 8% y/y), annualized debt to
EBITDA stood at 1.9x. Its debt profile is also quite simple,
with just a USD 400mn 2028 bond in its balance sheet. Cash
and cash equivalents as of 1Q24 stood at IDR 8.2tr, resulting
in a net cash position. We expect Pakuwon to continue to
generate positive cash flows in the next year, which will help
to increase its cash position further.

Investment view
Among the Indonesian property developers with USD
bonds, we consider Pakuwon to be the strongest credit. It
has a strong balance sheet with a net cash position. If the
company doesn’t see many investment opportunities for its
hefty cash balance, it could consider purchasing its bonds
early using a tender offer. Valuations now reflect the strong
BB rating, and we see its bond as a steady carry play.

Key risks include a material acquisition that could bring
down its hefty cash position.

Pertamina
UBS credit outlook: Stable
Moody’s/S&P ratings: Baa2/BBB
Analyst coverage: Devinda Paranathanthri

Company updates
Pertamina is a fully government-owned entity, which
engages in a broad range of upstream and downstream
oil and gas operations in Indonesia. The company’s
downstream earnings have been impacted as it has not
been able to adjust pump prices to reflect prevailing
prices for oil because pump prices are controlled by the
government. The 30% hike for subsidized fuel prices in
September 2022 alleviated some pressure on this front,
but not enough to compensate the company for higher
costs. The government’s compensation for these losses
has improved in the past 18 months. According to S&P,
the company has received close to USD 21bn over this
period, versus receipts of just USD 1.7bn in 2021 and USD
2.7bn in 2020. Meanwhile, upstream earnings will likely be
supported by prevailing oil prices and are likely to account
for a significant part of group earnings. Credit metrics
are quite strong with leverage at 1.8x for 2023, having
improved since the government increased the frequency of
the subsidy calculation. Annual capex requirements (USD 5–
6bn) can be funded by its healthy cash balance of USD 20bn
as of end-2023.

Investment view
We consider Pertamina to be a strategically important
entity for the Indonesian government, and as a result
support is very likely if needed. Its credit metrics are some
of the strongest among the Indonesian SOEs and have
improved after the government restructured the subsidy
payment mechanism. Pertamina bonds are largely a pickup
opportunity over the Indonesian government, but the

Asia Pacific bonds

58

1619041_9b0ca082-8df5-4821-8e54-eb8e68ab0716.pdf



premium is at historically low levels. Due to a high cash
balance of USD 20bn, we believe issuance in the near term
will be limited to refinancing.

Key risks include any negative developments relating to the
Indonesia sovereign rating.

PLN
UBS credit outlook: Stable
Moody’s/S&P ratings: Baa2/BBB
Analyst coverage: Devinda Paranathanthri

Company updates
PT Perusahaan Listrik Negara (PLN) is a fully state-
owned vertically integrated utility company in Indonesia
mandated by the government to provide electricity. The
company is the sole operator and distributor of Indonesia’s
electricity transmission and distribution while also owning
the majority of the country’s energy generation capacity.
The government decided not to increase electricity tariff for
2Q24, and we expect the same for the rest of the year. The
quarterly compensation mechanism for subsidy payments
enacted in 2022 has helped to reduce its overall debt.
However, power capacity needs for the country will likely
keep annual capex high at around USD 5–7bn in the coming
years and this will keep free cash flows in negative territory,
limiting any meaningful improvement in credit metrics. Debt
to EBITDA stood at 4.0x in 2023, which is relatively high for
its ratings.

Investment view
We view PLN as a strategically important entity for the
Indonesian government as it plays a critical role supporting
the country’s power needs. The company is also entrusted
by the government to carry out its green transition plans.
Therefore, we consider it as an entity with a high likelihood
of government support, and its relatively weak standalone
credit profile is likely to be a less important driver in
bond valuations. Given the capex needs, we think PLN will
increase its total USD bonds outstanding over the next five
years. This may not be a factor for valuations in the current
year as technicals in the Asia credit markets are relatively
strong. However, this, along with its weaker fundamentals,
could be a reason for its bonds to trade at a modest premium
to other SOEs such as Pertamina in the medium term.

Key risks include delays in government subsidy payments
as that could put pressure on cash flows.

PT Freeport Indonesia
UBS credit outlook: Improving
Moody’s/S&P ratings: Baa3/NR
Analyst coverage: Devinda Paranathanthri

Company updates
Freeport Indonesia (PTFI) is an Indonesian mineral mining
company with exclusive rights to the exploration and mining
operations of the Grasberg Minerals District (Grasberg)
in Indonesia. The company mines and processes ores
and concentrates containing copper, gold, and silver. The
company is 51%-owned by PT Mineral Industri Indonesia
(MIND ID), which is fully state owned, and 49%-owned
by Freeport McMoran Inc. (FCX). On the back of resilient
commodity prices, PTFI has posted strong earnings in the
past year. Its 1Q24 results were even stronger, with EBITDA
up 93% y/y on the back of higher commodity prices. Based
on its FY23 EBITDA of USD 5.6bn, total debt to EBITDA
stood 0.6x. The company's strong credit metrics should
provide enough buffer for future commodity price volatility,
in our view. We are relatively bullish on our commodity price
forecasts for gold and copper, and hence expect 2024 to be
another strong year for the company. Smelter capex should
be largely completed in 2024 and that should improve free
cash flows for PTFI going forward. Additionally, the 3mtpa
of smelter capacity should be sufficient to process its copper
concentrate and this should allow PTFI to save the amount
spent on tariffs for copper concentrate exports from next
year onwards.

Investment view
PTFI has a solid credit profile underpinned by its low leverage
owing to prevailing commodity prices. We believe 2024 will
be another strong year for the company on the earnings
front. We expect PTFI to start paying higher dividends from
next year as free cash flows are likely to increase once its
capex program comes to an end. We also see the possibility
of early tenders to further deleverage should the company
take a more balanced approach to managing its balance
sheet.

Key risks include a significant correction in gold and copper
prices.

PT Mineral Industri Indonesia (MIND ID) / PT Indonesia
Asahan Aluminium (Inalum)
UBS credit outlook: Stable
Moody’s/S&P ratings: Baa2/NR
Analyst coverage: Devinda Paranathanthri

Company updates
PT Mineral Industri Indonesia (MIND ID) was established in
2023 to replace Indonesia Asahan Aluminum (Inalum) and
is the new holding company for the state’s mining assets.
The entity is fully owned by the government. Media reports

Asia Pacific bonds

59

1619041_9b0ca082-8df5-4821-8e54-eb8e68ab0716.pdf



last year had suggested MIND ID might do an IPO in 2024
but this could take time to materialize as some of these
plans may need the support of the new government. As a
holding company, its cash flows for debt servicing primarily
come from dividends from its wholly-owned subsidiaries
Antam (nickel, gold, silver), Bukit Asam (coal), and Freeport
Indonesia (copper, gold, silver). Its overall dividend base
has increased from 2021 onwards after PTFI started paying
meaningful dividends. Total dividend inflows for the full year
2023 were around USD 1bn and they comfortably cover the
company’s annual interest expense of around USD 360mn.
Under our commodity price assumptions, we expect annual
dividends for 2024 to be close to USD 1bn.

Investment view
We consider MIND ID to be a strategically important entity
to the government, with likely support from the state in
times of need. Its key subsidiaries control a significant
portion of the country’s reserves, while also playing a role in
the government’s plans to develop downstream processing
capacity. MIND ID also has diversified exposure to several
key commodities and its competitive cost profile should help
to keep the operations profitable. The holding company
structure with dividends to service its debt is a weakness, but
we currently see sufficient dividend inflows in the medium
term to effectively service its debt. Potential M&As will
remain a risk as we believe the company is looking to expand
its portfolio. However, we do not see such moves leading
to any negative rating actions. MIND ID's bonds offer a
premium over other SOEs such as Pertamina.

Key risks include a significant correction in commodity
prices and potential debt-funded M&As.

Paiton Energi
UBS credit outlook: Stable
Moody’s/S&P ratings: Baa3/BBB-
Analyst coverage: Devinda Paranathanthri

Company updates
Paiton Energi is an independent power producer (IPP) in
Indonesia which operates three coal-fired power plants with
a total capacity of 2,045MW. The company’s business model
offers fairly stable and predictable cash flows given its power
purchase agreement (PPA) with PLN where input costs can
be fully passed through. However, earnings were hit in 2021
and 2022 due to unexpected operational problems which
led to plant shutdowns. The company has now fixed some
of these issues and EBITDA has recovered to an annual
run rate of close to USD 500mn, translating to debt to
EBITDA of 4.2x. One key overhang for the credit has been
the announced shareholder change where Mitsui & Co
divested its 45% stake to Ratch Group (36%) and Medco
Energi (9%). This makes Medco Daya Energi the largest
shareholder with a 38% stake, while Ratch Group and
Nebras Power will hold 36% and 26%, respectively. This

ownership transfer was completed in May 2024, but did not
trigger a change of control in the bonds.

Investment view
Paiton’s 2030 bond started amortizing in February 2024
with USD 84mn semi-annual payments. The company’s
internal cash flows should be sufficient to make these
payments but this will likely mean that dividend payments
to the shareholders need to be curtailed. Based on the
bond documents, Paiton can obtain additional debt only
if the debt service coverage ratio is above 1.4x. Following
the commencement of amortization, this ratio is closer to
1.5x which should protect bondholders from debt-funded
dividends, in our view. That said, the new shareholders could
look to make some changes to the financial policies in the
coming year. As a coal-fired power plant operator, Paiton
bonds will continue to carry some ESG premium versus its
BBB rated peers. We believe the amortizing structure will
help with the ultimate refinancing burden for the company.

Key risks include any operational issues with the plant that
could lead to unscheduled shutdowns.

Tower Bersama Infrastructure
UBS credit outlook: Stable
Moody’s/S&P ratings: NR/NR
Analyst coverage: Joel Tan

Company updates
As the third largest tower operator in Indonesia, Tower
Bersama Infrastructure (TBI) builds, owns, and operates
telecommunication towers for mobile operators. Given the
oligopolistic nature and high entry barriers of the tower
industry, TBI benefits from a stable business profile, as
reflected in consistent revenue and earnings over the past
few years. Additionally, long-term lease agreements with
telco clients entail high earnings and cash flow visibility for
the company. In FY23, TBI posted stable revenue of IDR
6.6tr (+1.8% y/y) and EBITDA of IDR 5.7tr (+1.2% y/y). The
company continued to grow its tower portfolio, with 605
net tower additions in FY23, bringing its total tower count
to 22,475. TBI’s tenancy ratio (number of tenants per tower)
remained healthy at 1.84x in FY23 (FY 22: 1.87x). As for its
bottom line, TBI’s net income was marginally lower (-4%
y/y) at IDR 1.6tr although free cash flow improved to IDR
283bn (FY22: IDR 63bn). TBI’s credit metrics were largely
unchanged in FY23, with net leverage at 5.1x (FY22: 5.1x)
and interest coverage at 3.1x (FY22: 3.1x). Gearing (net
debt/capital) strengthened to 63.9% in FY23, from 68.7%
in FY22. TBI’s stable financial performance continued into
1Q24, with revenue higher by 5.4% y/y at IDR 1.7tr, EBITDA
up 5% y/y at IDR 1.5tr, and net income rising 4.5% y/y to
IDR 363bn. The company’s credit metrics, on an annualized
basis, also held steady during the quarter, with net leverage
at 5.1x and interest coverage at 3x.

Asia Pacific bonds

60

1619041_9b0ca082-8df5-4821-8e54-eb8e68ab0716.pdf



Investment view
Tower Bersama’s credit metrics are on the weak side for an
investment grade (IG) credit (rated BBB- by Fitch), with the
company’s leverage being elevated compared to other IG
names. Nonetheless, the company’s stable business model
and high cash flow visibility allow for a higher leverage
threshold, and we expect TBI to maintain its IG rating by
Fitch in the near to medium term. TBI’s bonds are trading
slightly wider than other Indonesian IG credits, which can
be attributed to its weaker credit metrics and a lack of state
connection unlike many other Indonesian IG names. We
view TBI’s bonds, which are generally short-dated, as decent
carry play for a stable IG credit.

Key risks for TBI include further consolidation of Indonesia's
telco industry, which may lead to a reduction in tower
contract renewals, and potential debt-funded acquisitions,
which will put pressure on its credit metrics.

Asia Pacific bonds

61

1619041_9b0ca082-8df5-4821-8e54-eb8e68ab0716.pdf



Figure 26 - South Korean issuers covered in this
report and their respective credit views

Source: UBS. Please see the back of the report for the definition of risk
flags

Table 11 - Key financial & credit metrics (FY2023)

*Financial information based on SK Innovation (guarantor of 2026
bond)
Source: Company reports, UBS

Export-Import Bank of Korea
UBS credit outlook: Stable
Moody’s/S&P ratings: Aa2/AA
Analyst coverage: Timothy Tay

Company updates
The Export-Import Bank of Korea (KEXIM) is a wholly state-
owned policy bank in Korea with a mandate of promoting
the international business of South Korean companies. As
South Korea’s official export credit agency, KEXIM provides
loans to eligible entities related to exports, imports, and
overseas investments and also acts as a guarantor for
eligible loans. The policy bank is 73% directly owned by
the Korean government, with 27% indirect ownership via

the Bank of Korea (7.9%) and the Korea Development
Bank (19.1%). In FY23, KEXIM's net interest income fell
5.3% to KRW 935bn, but this was more than offset by a
29.8% increase in net commission income to KRW 434bn.
At the bottom line, net profit jumped by 89.4% to KRW
787bn, boosted by a significant decline in credit impairment
loss to KRW 284bn (FY22: KRW 683bn). The policy bank’s
total loan and guarantees remained stable (+0.5% y/y) at
KRW 126.6tr, while its total debt was also fairly steady at
KRW 99.8tr (+0.9% y/y). During the year, KEXIM’s asset
quality improved as its gross non-performing loan (NPL)
ratio declined to 0.5% as of 3Q23 (FY22: 1.1%) while
its provision coverage ratio strengthened to 386% (FY22:
208%). KEXIM’s capitalization remains robust, with its total
capital adequacy ratio rising to 14.6% in FY23, from 13.5%
in FY22.

Investment view
Our Stable credit outlook on KEXIM is underpinned by
its 100% government ownership, its important policy role
for South Korea, and the government’s de-facto solvency
guarantee arising from its statutory obligation under the
KEXIM Act. KEXIM’s intricate government linkage and near-
certain likelihood of extraordinary support have led rating
agencies to equalize KEXIM’s ratings with that of the South
Korean sovereign. KEXIM’s credit fundamentals are sound,
in our view, supported by healthy profitability, improving
asset quality, and robust capitalization metrics. While the
policy bank is entirely reliant on wholesale funding, its
government-related entity status allows for easy access
to capital markets, in our view. Valuation-wise, KEXIM’s
USD bonds are trading slightly wider than South Korean
sovereign paper, and in line with bonds issued by other
state-owned policy banks. We see KEXIM’s longer-dated
bonds as a high-quality duration play for investors who want
to extend duration with minimal credit risk.

Key risks for KEXIM include concentrated exposure to
certain volatile sectors such as overseas plants and vessel
manufacturing projects, its full reliance on wholesale
funding which increases refinancing risks, and any negative
developments relating to South Korea’s sovereign rating.

Hanwha TotalEnergies Petrochemical (HTP)
UBS credit outlook: Stable
Moody’s/S&P ratings: Baa1/BBB
Analyst coverage: Daniel Tam

Company updates
HTP is a 50:50 joint venture between South Korea’s Hanwha
Group and France’s TotalEnergies SE (A1/Stable, A+/Stable).
HTP is a leading petrochemical manufacturer in South Korea
with a diversified product portfolio, partly offset by its
exposure to volatile petrochemical market conditions. HTP
reported a mixed set of 2023 results with revenue and
EBITDA declining 18% and 32.8%, respectively. The lower

Asia Pacific bonds

62

1619041_9b0ca082-8df5-4821-8e54-eb8e68ab0716.pdf



profitability and higher interest costs led to a net loss of
KRW 80bn in 2023, compared to a net profit of KRW
69bn in 2022. The weaker earnings increased total debt/
EBITDA to 5.2x (2022: 3.7x), but net debt declined 8.4%
and lowered net debt/total capital to 47.5% (2022: 49.9%).
The company maintained positive operating and free cash
flows of KRW 890bn and KRW 380bn, respectively, in 2023,
up from KRW 400bn and KRW 181bn in 2022.

Investment view
HTP’s EBITDA margin weakened to low single digits in
2022 and 2023, owing to capacity additions in China
and subdued chemical demand globally. S&P has revised
the company’s rating outlook to negative from stable
on expectations that lower profitability could result in
elevated leverage metrics. However, the rating agency
has also affirmed HTP’s BBB rating on expectations that
the company’s operating performance should gradually
improve. The rating agency expects China to slow down
capacity expansion and restocking needs amid rising
oil prices, which should stabilize demand for chemical
products. HTP’s liquidity should remain strong as capital
expenditure will likely be low in 2024 and 2025 and major
shareholders should allow HPT to reduce dividend payments
in 2024. In view of the company’s prudent financial track
record of maintaining positive operating and free cash
flows, we believe the company’s debt repayment ability
will remain strong. TotalEnergies SE is expected to provide
strong financial and operational support to HTP, if necessary,
because of HTP’s important role in TE’s Asian business.

Key risks include China resuming capacity expansion and
a weaker-than-expected global economy that results in
reduced demand for petrochemical products.

Hyundai Capital America Inc
UBS credit outlook: Stable
Moody’s/S&P ratings: A3/BBB+
Analyst coverage: Eve Li

Company updates
Hyundai Capital America (HCA) is the captive finance arm
that supports the sales of Hyundai and Kia vehicles in the
US. Founded in 1989, it is wholly owned by Hyundai Motor
Group (HMG) via Hyundai Motor Company (HMC) and Kia
Corp, which have indirect ownership of 80% and 20%,
respectively. HCA offers retail automobile loans, operating
leases, and wholesale loans to dealers.

In 1Q24, HCA’s earning assets grew 4% q/q to USD 61bn.
HCA's earning assets can be divided into consumer loans
(65%), operating leases (28%), and dealer loans (7%). The
consumer loan portfolio maintained sound quality, with the
weighting of subprime loans continuing to trend down
to 1.7% (versus 1.8% in 2023 and 4.1% in 2019) and
the net charge-offs ratio below 1%. The delinquency ratio

(30 days overdue) also improved to 2.3%, from 2.6% in
2023. Its operating lease portfolio also saw an improvement
in asset quality thanks to high-quality originations. While
operating lease exposure was higher at USD 17.3bn as of
end-March 2024 (up 5% y/y) and used car prices have been
moderating, the company expects residual gains due to its
favorable portfolio mix and manageable lease maturities in
the near term. HCA’s leverage, measured by debt/equity,
was higher at 8.9x as at end-1Q24, compared to 8.7x as
at end-2023. The company maintained diversified funding
sources, including bonds (49%), ABS (24%), and conduit
(15%), as well as affiliate borrowings (7%). 62% of its USD
55bn debt was unsecured.

HCA has enjoyed a support agreement with HMC since
2012, under which HMC shall 1) hold 100% direct or
indirect ownership in HCA; 2) ensure HCA has a positive
consolidated tangible net worth; and 3) support HCA in
maintaining a fixed-charge coverage ratio of no less than
1.1x via cash contributions, if needed. Given HMC's strong
support and HCA’s role as a core subsidiary, the rating of
HCA is equalized to that of HMC. In January, S&P revised
the outlook on HMC and Kia Corp to positive from stable
on robust earnings outlook and improving credit metrics in
2024–2025. HMG has been gaining market share over the
past few years in the US, with a combined market share
of 10% for HMC-Kia in 1Q24 (versus 10.6% in 2023 and
7.8% in 2019). The group became the fourth-largest auto
OEM in the US in 2023. The rating agency also views HMC
and Kia’s liquidity as exceptional. The outlook for HCA was
also revised to positive to mirror the actions on the group. In
February, Moody’s upgraded HMC and Kia to A3 from Baa1,
reflecting their improving profitability and balance sheet.
Moody’s also upgraded HCA to A3, following the action on
parent ratings.

Investment view
We maintain Attractive recommendations on select bonds
in the HCA curve as they look attractive compared to
bonds of other captive arms of global automakers. HMC
and HCA’s positive rating trajectory should continue to
support the bonds' performance, but we will also monitor
the development of the US auto market and HMG’s
performance.

Key risks to our view include HMC achieving worse-
than-expected profitability and a significant deterioration in
HMC’s balance sheet that leads to a rating downgrade.

Asia Pacific bonds

63

1619041_9b0ca082-8df5-4821-8e54-eb8e68ab0716.pdf



Hyundai Capital Services, Inc.
UBS credit outlook: Stable
Agency ratings: A3/BBB+
Analyst coverage: Eve Li

Company updates
Hyundai Capital Services (HCS) is the captive finance arm
of Hyundai Motor Group (HMG). It provides automotive
financing and leasing for new and used vehicles sold
by HMG’s Hyundai Motor Company (HMC) and Kia
Corporation (Kia) in South Korea. It also provides consumer
loans such as mortgage loans and other personal loans to
individuals and small business owners. HMG owns 99.8%
of HCS through HMC (59.7%) and Kia (40.1%).

In the first nine months of 2023, HMG’s global car units
sold increased 8% y/y to 5.5mn units. Growth was observed
across different regions, led by North Americas (+18%),
South Korea (+11%), and Europe (+11%). With a more
favorable product mix, both HMC and Kia also enjoyed
a higher average sales price (ASP) and higher operating
margin. The group’s sales growth as well as stronger leasing
demand for higher ASP models also benefited HCS. In
the first nine months of 2023, HCS’s financial assets were
up 2% at KRW 33.8tr, of which 82% was auto-related.
Operating revenue grew 35% y/y to KRW 3.3bn, driven by
lease revenues. Its asset quality remained solid, with the 30-
day delinquency ratio continuing to trend lower to 0.93%,
compared to 1.04% in 2022. Its regulatory reserve coverage
also improved to 131%, well above the regulatory threshold
of 100%. Asset leverage was also better at 7.2x (from 7.4x).

HCS’ role as a core subsidiary of HMG is reinforced by its
overseas footprint to support the group’s sales globally. The
company has a 20% stake in Hyundai Capital Canada and
has a presence in the UK, China, and Brazil through joint
ventures or associates. As a result, HCS’ ratings move in
tandem with those on HMC and Kia. In January, S&P revised
the outlook on HMC and Kia Corp to positive from stable on
their robust earnings outlook and improving credit metrics
in 2024–2025. In February, Moody’s upgraded HMC and Kia
to A3 from Baa1, reflecting their improving profitability and
balance sheet.

Investment view
We’re comfortable to hold HCS’ bonds given the positive
rating outlook. The curve is trading closely to that of
Hyundai Capital America, which we view as Fair. HMC's and
HCA’s solid business performance should lend support to
the bonds' performance, but we will also monitor their sales
trend over the medium term.

Key risks to our view include HMC achieving worse-than-
expected profitability, and a significant deterioration in
HMC’s balance sheet that leads to a rating downgrade.

Korea Development Bank
UBS credit outlook: Stable
Moody’s/S&P ratings: Aa2/AA
Analyst coverage: Timothy Tay

Company updates
Korea Development Bank (KDB) was founded in 1954 in
accordance with the KDB Act to supply industrial capital to
develop South Korean industries and the national economy.
As a 100% state-owned policy bank, KDB provides long-
term loans to corporations in line with its development
financing role and extends liquidity support to South Korea’s
weaker corporate sectors such as shipbuilding, shipping,
and construction. The policy bank also has a market
stabilization role, aiding in the restructuring of stressed
South Korean corporations and purchasing corporate bonds
and commercial paper to stabilize troubled companies and
sectors.

In FY23, KDB recorded a 10.2% decline in net interest
income to KRW 2.4tr, primarily due to a 12bps decline
in its net interest margin to 0.51%. Total operating
income jumped 74% to KRW 1.5tr, driven by higher non-
interest income and significantly lower provisioning. At
the bottom line, net profit was robust at KRW 3.5tr,
boosted by valuation gains from its security portfolio and
impairment gains from investments in associates. This
contrasts drastically with the KRW 7.9tr loss incurred in
FY22, where KDB suffered both valuation and impairment
losses. KDB’s loan portfolio grew 1.9% to KRW 214.3tr in
FY23, while its total debt crept 1.1% higher to KRW 197.3tr.
Asset quality deteriorated slightly, with the NPL ratio rising to
0.81% (FY22: 0.73%), while NPL coverage also fell to 237%
(FY22: 365%) albeit still at a healthy level. KDB’s capital
position remained sound, with the total capital adequacy
ratio (CAR) improving to 13.7%, from 13.4% in FY22. We
note that the government is committed to maintaining the
bank’s total CAR at above 13%.

Investment view
We treat KDB as an extension of the South Korean
government, in view of its 100% state-ownership,
strategically important policy role, and strong track record
of state support (capital injection of KRW 1.3tr in 2022
and KRW 0.8tr in 2023). KDB also benefits from a de-
facto solvency guarantee by the government, allowing it
to maintain stable access to wholesale funding. KDB’s high
concentration to the volatile shipbuilding, shipping, and
construction sectors is a key credit weakness, as this may
strain its asset quality during periods of economic weakness.
We expect KDB’s asset quality to deteriorate modestly in the
near term, driven by weakness in South Korea’s construction
and housing sectors. Nevertheless, we remain comforted by
KDB’s strong access to capital markets through credit cycles
and believe that the South Korean government will inject
capital on a timely basis if needed. Valuation-wise, KDB’s

Asia Pacific bonds

64

1619041_9b0ca082-8df5-4821-8e54-eb8e68ab0716.pdf



USD bonds are trading in line with other state-owned policy
banks, offering high quality long-dated paper for investors
looking to add duration exposure.

Key risks for KDB include high concentration risk in volatile
sectors, marked asset quality deterioration in the event
of a sharp economic downturn, weak liquidity due to its
large holdings of illiquid securities (as a result of debt
restructuring), and any negative developments relating to
South Korea’s sovereign rating.

Korea Electric Power Corporation (KEPCO)
UBS credit outlook: Stable
Moody’s/S&P ratings: Aa2/AA
Analyst coverage: Timothy Tay

Company updates
Korea Electric Power Corporation (KEPCO) is the sole
electricity transmission and distribution company in South
Korea, and it has more than 60% market share in
the power generation business through its six power
generation subsidiaries. The company was established by
the South Korean government under the Korea Electric
Power Corporation Act (KEPCO Act). KEPCO is 51%
owned by the South Korean government. KEPCO has
experienced healthy revenue growth over the past few
years, driven by higher power sales from rising electricity
demand and continuous electricity tariff increases. However,
the company’s operating performance and EBITDA have
been volatile due to a timing mismatch between tariff
adjustments and fuel cost changes. KEPCO has also been
loss-making in recent years, although its profitability has
picked up since 2H23. In FY23, KEPCO posted a revenue
of KRW 88.2tr (+23.8% y/y), EBITDA of KRW 8.5tr, and a
net loss of KRW 4.7tr (FY22: net loss of KRW 24.4tr). In
order to fund its high capex requirements, KEPCO’s debt
burden has grown significantly over the past few years,
pressuring its credit profile. As at end-2023, KEPCO’s net
leverage was elevated at 15.3x, while gearing (total debt/
capital) was weak at 78%.

Investment view
While KEPCO’s credit metrics are weak, we view liquidity risk
as low due to its status as a major government-related entity
(GRE), which allows the company easy access to capital
markets. The KEPCO Act legally requires the government
to hold at least 51% of KEPCO, eliminating the risk of
privatization. Given KEPCO’s monopoly over South Korea’s
T&D network, a default may potentially disrupt power
supply in the country, hence we think there is a very strong
incentive for the government to provide direct support if
needed. In view of this, credit rating agencies have equalized
KEPCO’s ratings with that of the South Korean sovereign.
We note that the South Korean government aims to resolve
KEPCO’s accumulated debt by 2027, hence electricity tariffs
are likely to remain high to enhance KEPCO’s profitability.

Valuation-wise, KEPCO’s USD bonds are trading modestly
wider than South Korean sovereign paper, and largely in line
with bonds issued by other South Korean quasi-sovereign
issuers. Despite KEPCO’s weak standalone metrics, we are
comfortable holding its bonds as we think it is ultimately
supported by the government.

Key risks for KEPCO include a spike in fuel costs which is
not matched by tariff increases, weaker ties between KEPCO
and the South Korean government, and any negative
developments relating to South Korea’s sovereign rating.

Korea Gas Corporation
UBS credit outlook: Stable
Moody’s/S&P ratings: Aa2/AA
Analyst coverage: Timothy Tay

Company updates
Korea Gas Corporation is the sole wholesale distributor and
the largest importer of natural gas in South Korea. It supplies
gas primarily to city gas companies, the power generating
subsidiaries of Korea Electric Power Corporation (KEPCO),
and other power generating companies in South Korea.
The South Korean government has majority ownership
in Korea Gas via a 26.2% direct stake, a 20.5% stake
via KEPCO, and a 7.9% stake by local governments.
Gas prices in South Korea are regulated via a sales price
adjustment mechanism, allowing Korea Gas to pass through
its raw material costs. However, the implementation of this
price adjustment mechanism has not always been timely,
especially in times of surging LNG prices, resulting in volatile
financial performance for Korea Gas over the past few
years. In FY23, Korea Gas reported a weak set of results,
with revenue down 13.9% at KRW 44.6tr and EBITDA
falling 18.5% to KRW 3.4tr as both sales price and volumes
declined during the year. The company recorded a net loss
of KRW 747bn (FY22: net profit of KRW 1.5tr), bogged
down by higher interest expense and impairment losses.
On a positive note, Korea Gas reported improved financial
performance in 1Q24, with EBITDA of 1.4tr (+33.4% y/y)
and net income of KRW 407bn (+192% y/y). However, its
credit metrics remain weak, with annualized net leverage of
6.9x and gearing (total debt/capital) of 80% as of 1Q24.

Investment view
On a standalone basis, Korea Gas’ credit fundamentals are
weak, with high leverage, volatile earnings and cash flow,
and elevated gearing. The company also has substantial
capex plans to increase its storage capacity and expand
its pipeline network, which may further put pressure on
its leverage metrics. Nevertheless, Korea Gas is a key SOE
providing a critical service to the South Korean economy,
hence, a default event would have a significant socio-
economic impact, which we believe is a scenario that the
government will be keen to avoid. On that basis, we expect
forthcoming state support if required. Not surprisingly, its

Asia Pacific bonds

65

1619041_9b0ca082-8df5-4821-8e54-eb8e68ab0716.pdf



credit ratings have also been equalized with the sovereign,
making its standalone credit profile less of a consideration
for bond investors. Korea Gas recently issued a 5-year USD
bond which was met with decent demand, highlighting its
strong access to capital markets. Korea Gas’s USD bonds are
trading slightly outside bonds issued by fully state-owned
policy banks but in line with bonds issued by comparable
quasi-sovereigns and its shareholder KEPCO. We view Korea
Gas’ bonds as a high-quality carry play.

Key risks for Korea Gas include cash flow and earnings
volatility arising from late implementation or suspension of
the price adjustment mechanism, unfavorable regulatory
changes in the natural gas sector, a reduced stake or weaker
ties with the South Korean government, and any negative
developments relating to South Korea’s sovereign rating.

Korea Hydro & Nuclear Power Co Ltd (KHNP)
UBS credit outlook: Stable
Moody’s/S&P ratings: Aa2/AA
Analyst coverage: Timothy Tay

Company updates
Korea Hydro & Nuclear Power Co Ltd (KHNP) is one of the
wholly-owned six power generation subsidiaries (gencos)
of Korea Electric Power Corporation (KEPCO), which is
in turn 51% owned by the South Korean government.
KHNP owns numerous nuclear, hydroelectric, and renewable
power generation units, generating more than 30% of total
power generated in South Korea. KHNP’s sales benefit from
low cyclicality in the country's electricity demand, which has
been growing at a steady rate. KHNP is able to mitigate
volatility in fuel costs by selling all electricity generated to
KEPCO, as the pricing mechanism allows for an effective
cost pass-through. In FY23, KHNP posted a revenue of KRW
11.0tr (+3.5% y/y), EBITDA of KRW 5.2tr (+10.9% y/y), and
net income of KRW 122bn, as compared to a net loss of
KRW 62bn in FY22. The genco’s strong FY23 operating
results can be attributed to both higher electricity prices and
an increase in the volume of electricity sold. KHNP’s capex
is elevated due to its continuous expansion needs, in line
with the government’s plan for nuclear energy to make up
at least 30% of total power generation by 2030. Due to the
high capex, KHNP’s debt burden has been rising, with total
debt increasing 9.8% y/y to KRW 13.8tr as at end-2023.
KHNP’s credit metrics are sound, with net debt/EBITDA at
2.4x (FY22: 2.5x), interest coverage at 5.8x (FY22: 4.4x) and
gearing (total debt/capital) at 36% (FY22: 32%).

Investment view
As the sole nuclear power generator in South Korea, KHNP
is strategically important to the country's economy, in our
view. KHNP is also a core subsidiary of KEPCO and the
largest contributor to KEPCO’s total power generation,
hence we believe KHNP will enjoy extraordinary support
from KEPCO via the South Korean government if needed.

Accordingly, KHNP’s credit ratings have also been equalized
with those of KEPCO and the South Korean sovereign.
On a standalone basis, KHNP’s credit profile is also solid,
supported by modest leverage and healthy gearing. Going
forward, KHNP’s high capex needs may increase its debt
load, but we think this is mitigated by strong access to
capital markets due to its government linkage and high
credit ratings. We are cognizant that KHNP is exposed
to liabilities relating to the decommissioning of nuclear
power plants, which is a lengthy and onerous process,
but we believe KHNP is adequately equipped to manage
this obligation. Valuation-wise, KHNP’s USD bonds generally
trade in line or marginally wider than those of its parent,
KEPCO. We are comfortable taking credit exposure to KHNP,
given our expectations of state support if needed.

Key risks for KHNP include operational risks arising from
nuclear power generation and decommissioning of nuclear
power plants, a weaker relationship between KHNP and
KEPCO or KEPCO and the Korean government, and any
negative developments relating to Korea’s sovereign rating.

Korea Mine Rehabilitation and Mineral Resources Corp
(KOMIR)
UBS credit outlook: Stable
Moody’s/S&P ratings: A1/A+
Analyst coverage: Daniel Tam

Company updates
Korea Mine Rehabilitation and Mineral Resources Corp
(KOMIR) was incorporated in September 2021 through
the merger between Korea Resources Corp (KORES)
and Mine Reclamation Corporation (MIRECO) to address
KORES’ complete equity erosion and liquidity problems. The
company is 100% owned by the South Korean government
and is mandated to secure a stable supply of critical strategic
and rare minerals for South Korea, which imports 93% of its
required strategic minerals. The company reported a weak
set of 2023 results, with a widened net loss, higher leverage
and weaker liquidity. Revenue was flat, while EBITDA and
net loss worsened to KRW –44bn and KRW –312bn (2022:
KRW –12bn and KRW –18bn), respectively. The company
remained in negative equity because of net losses in previous
years, with its equity position reaching KRW –2.5tr at the
end of 2023. Total debt increased 13.3% to KRW 5.6tr,
raising total debt/capital to 1.8x (2022: 1.9x). Operating and
free cash flows remained negative and deteriorated to KRW
–340bn and KRW –347bn (2022: KRW –108bn and KRW –
112bn), respectively.

Investment view
Established under the KOMIR Act, the South Korean
government is required to contribute authorized capital
of up to KRW 3tr to the company. KOMIR can only be
privatized through an amendment of the KOMIR Act by
the National Assembly. Pursuant to the KOMIR Act, the

Asia Pacific bonds

66

1619041_9b0ca082-8df5-4821-8e54-eb8e68ab0716.pdf



government may provide capital injections and subsidize
part of the costs required for KOMIR's projects within the
limits of the budget. The government may also guarantee
the repayment of the principal and interest of corporate
bonds issued by KOMIR. Deficiencies in the legal reserve
may also be compensated by the government. We believe
KOMIR will remain in negative equity unless the government
injects a significant amount of cash to the company, but the
negative equity position should not affect the company’s
operations and repayment ability.

Key risks include the company's weaker importance to
the South Korean government, or in the event that the
government assigns another state-owned institution to take
on the role of KOMIR.

Korea National Oil Corporation (KNOC)
UBS credit outlook: Stable
Moody’s/S&P ratings: Aa2/AA
Analyst coverage: Daniel Tam

Company updates
Korea National Oil Corporation (KNOC) was established to
secure South Korea's long-term energy security by owning
oil and gas fields in the country and overseas. It is the only
oil stockpiling company in South Korea and is responsible
for managing the country's strategic petroleum reserves
(SPRs). The company also operates 1,276 gas stations in
South Korea, with an approximate market share of 11.6%.
KNOC reported a weak set of 2023 results, with lower
earnings, higher leverage, and weaker liquidity. Revenue,
EBITDA, and net profit declined 16.9%, 43.8%, and 40.6%,
respectively. The weaker earnings lowered EBITDA/interest
to 3.2x (5.8x in 2022) and raised total debt/EBITDA to 10.3x
(2022: 5.8x). Operating cash flow remained positive at KRW
823bn (2022: KRW 902bn) and free cash flow declined to
KRW 316bn (2022: KRW 439bn).

Investment view
KNOC’s international credit ratings are equivalent to South
Korea’s sovereign ratings, reflecting its 100% ownership
by the government from which it receives strong financial
support, such as capital injections and government loans.
Due to the company's strategic importance to Korea's
energy security and state ownership, we believe the
government will provide extraordinary support to KNOC, if
necessary.

Key risks include a change in the KNOC Act that allows the
government to reduce its ownership in the company, and a
sharp decline in crude oil price that weakens the company’s
earnings.

LG Chem
UBS credit outlook: Stable
Moody’s/S&P ratings: A3/BBB+
Analyst coverage: Daniel Tam

Company updates
LG Chem is one of Asia’s largest petrochemical producers
and the world’s third-largest EV battery manufacturer via
its listed subsidiary LG Energy Solution (LGES). LGES had a
13.6% market share of the global EV battery manufacturing
market as of end-1Q24. The debt-funded expansion of its
EV battery and battery material segments has improved
LG Chem’s sales performance and profitability, but the
higher capital expenditure has also increased the company's
operational and financial risks. LG Chem reported a weak
set of 1Q24 results, with lower earnings, higher leverage
and deteriorated liquidity. Revenue, EBITDA, and net profit
declined 18.7%, 21.7%, and 48.9% from a year earlier.
Total debt increased 38%, raising total debt/EBITDA to 18.3x
(1Q23: 10.4x) and increasing net debt/total capitalization
to 22.7% (1Q23: 19.7%). Liquidity also weakened as
operating cash flow declined 9.7%.

Investment view
LG Chem plans to dispose of non-core assets, but it has
no plan to slow down or reduce its capital expansion
agenda. Rising leverage and weakened credit metrics should
likely result in negative rating actions. Moody's and S&P
have affirmed the company’s credit ratings, but have
revised LG Chem’s outlook to negative from stable. Unless
the petrochemical and EV battery sectors recover, or the
company implements actions to lower its leverage, further
negative rating action may likely be on the way. One avenue
for LG Chem to reduce leverage is via equity placements and
listing of subsidiaries, which it has done in the past.

Key risks include prolonged weakness in the petrochemical
and EV battery sectors and further deterioration in its credit
metrics.

Mirae Asset Securities
UBS credit outlook: Stable
Moody’s/S&P ratings: Baa2/BBB
Analyst coverage: Daniel Tam

Company updates
Mirae Asset Securities (MAS) is the largest securities house
in South Korea in terms of total assets, shareholders'
equity and the number of onshore and offshore branches.
The company also has the largest overseas investments
amongst all South Korean securities houses. The company
reported a weak set of 1Q24 results, with lower earnings,
higher leverage, and weaker cash flow. Revenue, operating
income, and net profit declined 8.5%, 4%, and 28.4% y/
y, respectively. Total debt increased 25%, raising total debt/

Asia Pacific bonds

67

1619041_9b0ca082-8df5-4821-8e54-eb8e68ab0716.pdf



capitalization to 91% in 1Q24 (89% in 2023). Net capital
ratio and leverage ratio remained stable at 21.5x (2023:
21.4x) and 695% (2023: 693%), respectively.

Investment view
Mirae Asset Securities' profitability is likely to stay subdued,
in our view, as potential impairment losses and/or additional
provisions for property exposures could add to its financial
burden over the next one to two years. This is despite Mirae
Asset Securities' lower exposure to such risks, compared
with the industry average. Recently, S&P revised MAS’s
rating outlook to negative, citing the securities sector’s
overall property risks. The South Korean government
has been providing operational and financial support to
the country’s securities companies, which are treated as
important financial institutions and are closely monitored by
the government. We believe MAS should be able to weather
the current sector downturn. The company is also the first
South Korean securities company which tapped the offshore
bond market in January 2024.

Key risks include weaker government support to the
securities sector, a further deterioration in onshore and
offshore property markets, and a sharp deterioration in the
company’s liquidity.

POSCO
UBS credit outlook: Stable
Moody’s/S&P ratings: Baa1/A-
Analyst coverage: Timothy Tay

Company updates
POSCO is the largest fully-integrated steel producer in South
Korea. The company was incorporated in March 2022
following a vertical spin-off of the steel business by POSCO
Holdings, with POSCO Holdings retaining 100% ownership
of POSCO. Given the close linkage between POSCO and
POSCO Holdings (e.g., equalized credit ratings; POSCO
also contributes 75–80% of POSCO Holdings’ operating
profit), we base our credit assessment on POSCO Holdings’
financials instead of solely on a standalone basis for POSCO.
In recent years, POSCO Holdings' operating performance
has been on a weakening trend, bogged down by tough
steel market conditions amid persistent overcapacity in
Asia’s steel industry.

In FY23, POSCO Holdings' revenue amounted to KRW
77.1tr (–9% y/y), while EBITDA fell 13.9% to KRW 7.4tr
and net income declined by 48.2% to KRW 1.8tr. Key steel
subsidiary POSCO saw production volume rise 4.3%, but
this was more than offset by a decline in sales, resulting in
a lower revenue (–8.7% y/y) and weaker operating profit
(9.2% y/y). POSCO Holdings' credit metrics deteriorated in
FY23, with net leverage rising to 2.6x (FY22: 1.9x) and
gearing (total debt/capital) marginally higher at 30% (FY22:
29%). POSCO Holdings’ weak operating performance

continued into 1Q24, with EBITDA down 5.2% y/y at KRW
1.5tr and net income down 27.7% y/y at KRW 608mn. On
an annualized basis, its net leverage deteriorated to 3.4x
—above rating agencies’ downgrade triggers, which may
potentially put pressure on its ratings.

Investment view
POSCO has a dominant position in South Korea’s steel
market with a diversified customer base; the company
typically adopts a prudent financial policy, which keeps its
credit profile healthy. However, both its high exposure to
commodity prices and the steel market’s notable correlation
with global economic growth (which is slowing) entails
greater earnings volatility. Parent POSCO Holdings’ growing
non-steel business provides some earnings diversity, with
the battery materials business set to expand in the coming
years. Nonetheless, the bulk of POSCO Holdings' earnings
are still driven by the steel business (POSCO), which may
remain under pressure in the near term, given the current
oversupply situation. Based on its track record, we expect
POSCO to maintain a disciplined financial policy, which
should limit a material deterioration in its credit metrics,
in our view. Valuation-wise, POSCO’s USD bonds trade
generally in line with similarly rated South Korean peers such
as LG Chem, and we do not see any reason for divergence
from its peer group.

Key risks for POSCO include substantial weakness in
the global steel market, environmental and social risks
stemming from more onerous carbon and pollution
regulations, and potential rating downgrades if its credit
metrics exceed the downgrade thresholds for a sustained
period.

SK Battery America
UBS credit outlook: Deteriorating
Moody’s/S&P ratings: Baa3/NR
Analyst coverage: Daniel Tam

Company updates
SK Battery America (SKBA) operates battery production
plants in the United States. It is a wholly-owned subsidiary
of SK On, which is in turn 96.5%-owned by SK Innovation
(SKI, Baa3/BB+). SK On is the world’s fifth-largest producer
of rechargeable lithium-ion batteries, with a market share
of around 4.5% in 1Q24. SKBA and SK On do not release
individual financial information. SKI reported a mixed set
of 1Q24 results, with a widened net loss, lower leverage,
and stable liquidity. Revenue declined 1.5% y/y, while
EBITDA increased 33.2% y/y on improved profit margin
and higher depreciation. Net loss widened by 88% to KRW
98bn, owing to large non-operating losses including FX-
related and derivative trading losses, and higher interest
expense. Higher total debt was offset by increased equity,
which lowered total debt/capitalization to 61.5% (1Q23:
72.2%) while cash/short-term debt increased to 1.18x

Asia Pacific bonds

68

1619041_9b0ca082-8df5-4821-8e54-eb8e68ab0716.pdf



(1Q23: 0.89x). Operating cash flow increased 2.7% y/y to
KRW 829bn, while negative free cash flow widened by
15.6% y/y to KRW 1.4tr.

Investment view
SKBA’s 2026 senior unsecured note is unconditionally
and irrevocably guaranteed by its parent SK Innovation
(SKI, Baa3/BB+), while its 2027 senior unsecured note is
guaranteed by Kookmin Bank (Aa3/A+). SKI announced that
it is considering various strategic plans, including mergers,
to improve shareholder returns. We believe SKBA bonds’
performance is tied to the financial performance of its
guarantors, which will likely support the bond repayment,
in case the company is unable to repay by its own.

Key risks include better-than-expected EV battery demand
for SK On, and an improvement in guarantor SKI's financial
profile.

SK hynix Inc.
UBS credit outlook: Stable
Agency ratings: Baa2/BBB-
Analyst coverage: Eve Li

Company updates
SK hynix is one of the world’s leading memory
semiconductor companies. It designs, manufactures, and
sells advanced memory semiconductors including DRAM
and NAND flash memory chips. SK Square was SK hynix’s
largest shareholder with a 20.1% stake as of end-2023. The
two companies are in turn member companies of SK Group,
the second-largest conglomerate in South Korea in terms of
total assets.
In 1Q24, SK hynix reported above-consensus results, with
profitability and debt metrics showing significant sequential
recovery. Strong AI-related demand in HBM and enterprise
SSD contributed to 20%+ q/q and 30% q/q hikes in the
average selling price for DRAM and MANDY, while other
product lines also witnessed improved pricing. This more
than offset softer bit shipments due to the relatively weak
demand from PCs and smartphones, leading to a 10% q/
q or 144% y/y growth in revenue to KRW 12.4tr. Together
with ongoing cost-cutting efforts and a reversal of inventory
valuation losses, operating profit expanded to KRW 2.9tr,
with a 23% y/y rise in the profit margin (versus –67%
y/y in 1Q23). Notably, its NAND business saw an earlier-
than-expected operating profit turnaround, thanks to a
favorable product mix and rapid ASP improvement for two
consecutive quarters. Also, reported EBITDA rose 70% q/q
to KRW 6.1tr, while total debt was largely stable at KRW
29.5tr. As a result, total debt-to-last-twelve-month EBITDA
improved sharply to 2.5x in 1Q24, from 5.5x in 2023.

The company believes the memory market is entering a full
recovery cycle, supported by ongoing strength in AI memory
chips as well as improving demand from conventional

applications from 2H24. To meet the growing demand,
management has guided higher capex this year than initially
planned. Earlier this year, SK hynix announced its plan to
build a M15X fab in Korea for producing next-generation
DRAM including HBM. Construction work is set to be
completed in November 2025 for early mass production at a
cost of KRW 5.3tr, while total investments in the long term
are likely to exceed KRW 20tr, in our view. The company has
also announced that it will invest around USD 3.87bn (KRW
5.3tr) to build an advanced packaging fab in Indiana in the
US, which is scheduled to begin mass production in 2H28.

Investment view
We believe SK hynix’s strong operating cash flow can help
to fully cover its rising capex needs, which we expect to be
KRW 14–15tr this year (versus KRW 8.3tr in 2023). In 1Q24,
its net operating cash flow improved 36% q/q to KRW
5.3tr while its capex amounted to KRW 3.1tr. Factoring in
the soaring 1Q24 EBITDA, we estimate SK hynix’s adjusted
debt to LTM EBITDA improved to below 2x using S&P’s
methodology, from 4.8x in 2023. Given an upward memory
cycle, we expect its metrics to further improve toward 1x
by year-end, which may trigger a rating upgrade by S&P.
Similarly, the adjusted leverage using Moody’s methodology
could also improve toward 1.5x this year, indicating a higher
chance of a rating outlook revision back to Stable. We
maintain Fair ratings on most of its curve due to less
appealing valuations.

Key risks to our view include 1) a weaker-than-expected
memory upcycle, leading to a short-lived profitability
recovery; 2) more-aggressive-than-expected capex, leading
to higher leverage; and 3) unexpected geopolitical events.

Asia Pacific bonds

69

1619041_9b0ca082-8df5-4821-8e54-eb8e68ab0716.pdf



Figure 27 - Macau gaming issuers covered in this
report and their respective credit views

Source: UBS. Please see the back of the report for the definition of risk
flags

Table 12 - Key financial & credit metrics (as of
end-2023)

Source: Company reports, UBS

Sands China
UBS credit outlook: Stable
Moody’s/S&P ratings: Baa2/BBB-
Analyst coverage: Eve Li

Company updates
Sands China (Sands) is one of six casino operators in Macau.
Its portfolio includes the Venetian Macao, The Londoner
Macao, The Parisan Macao, The Plaza Macao, and Sands
Macao. The company also owns some large convention
and exhibition centers, such as the Cotai Expo, the Cotai
Arena, and the Londoner Arena. As of end-2023, Sands
operates over 12,000 hotel rooms, the most among gaming
operators; it also accounts for around 40% of market share.
Sands’ US-based parent, Las Vegas Sands (LVS), which also
runs the Marina Bay Sands in Singapore, increased its stake
in Sands to 71% in April 2024. The Macau operations
accounted for 51% of LVS’s adjusted property EBITDA in
1Q24.

In 1Q24, Sands achieved USD 1.7bn in GGR. This was a
stable q/q performance, reaching 73% of the 1Q19 level.
Mass/slot GGR recovered more meaningfully to 95% of the
pre-COVID level. Non-gaming revenues were 11% lower q/

q at USD 412mn, contributing to 23% of total net revenues.
The operations were impacted by the ongoing renovation of
Londoner Phase 2 and Cotai Arena, which took out nearly
5% of the group room inventory in 1Q24 and disrupted
revenue from non-gaming events. The renovation projects
are scheduled for completion in phases by the Chinese New
Year holiday in 2025.

Adjusted property EBITDA in the quarter was USD 610mn,
7% lower q/q and 71% of the 1Q19 level. Total debt was
2% q/q lower at USD 8.1bn, including USD 7.1bn in bonds
and USD 1bn in shareholder loans (maturing in July 2028).
With cash balances slightly higher, net debt was reduced by
USD 276mn to USD 6.6bn. Net debt to last-twelve-months
adjusted property EBITDA further improved to 2.7x (from
3.1x in 2023). Total liquidity was largely stable at USD 4.1bn,
consisting of USD 1.6bn in cash and USD 2.5bn in undrawn
credit facilities. The next major maturity of Sands will be the
dollar bondsdue in August 2025 (USD 1.6bn outstanding).

Investment view
Sands’s credit rating is impacted by LVS’s credit metrics
under both rating agencies’ methodology. LVS is bidding for
a casino license in New York and the projected cost of the
building is USD 6bn, according to management. The final
result of the bidding is expected to be revealed in late 2025,
and S&P indicated some tolerance for a temporary spike in
the group’s leverage. Overall, we believe LVS will maintain a
prudent financial policy, leading to a stable rating trajectory
over the next 12 months.

We expect Sands to continue generating positive free cash
flow due to its improving EBITDA and unaggressive capex.
Under the 10-year concession, Sands commits to invest
USD 4.5bn through 2032, including USD 3.4bn in capex
and USD 1.1bn in opex. The company has guided for USD
700mn in capex in Macau this year, which looks manageable
compared to USD 2.4bn in annual EBITDA using the current
run rate. We also expect the company to make further
progress in deleveraging. While the renovation projects
should bring near-term disruptions, we think they will
strengthen Sands’s product attractiveness over the medium
to long term. Given the improving fundamentals, we remain
constructive on Sands and hold some attractive calls along
the curve.

Key risks include 1) a worse-than-expected market
share loss due to the renovation projects; 2) a worse-
than-expected margin decline due to aggressive player
reinvestment; and 3) a larger-than-expected capex or capital
return by the parent, leading to a deteriorating rating
outlook.

Asia Pacific bonds

70

1619041_9b0ca082-8df5-4821-8e54-eb8e68ab0716.pdf



Wynn Macau
UBS credit outlook: Stable
Moody’s/S&P ratings: B1/BB-
Analyst coverage: Eve Li

Company updates
Wynn Macau, Limited (WML) is one of six casino operators
in Macau, running two properties, namely Wynn Macau and
Wynn Palace. As of end-2023, WML was 71.6% owned
by Wynn Resorts. The US-based parent also operates Wynn
Las Vegas and Encore Boston Harbor. Macau operations
accounted for 53% of the group's adjusted property EBITDA
in 1Q24, compared to over 70% in 2019.

In 1Q24, WML’s GGR grew 11% q/q to USD 1bn, reaching
69% of the 1Q19 level. The mass/slot GGR recovered at
a faster pace, exceeding the pre-COVID level by 22%. We
estimate that WML’s mass GGR market share increased
to 13.6% in the quarter, compared to 11.8% in 1Q19.
Non-gaming revenue also fully recovered to USD 179mn,
accounting for 18% of net revenues. With a more favorable
mix, adjusted property EBITDA increased 14% q/q to USD
340mn. In addition, WML further reduced its net debt to
USD 4.6bn in 1Q24, brining its net leverage using LTM
adjusted property EBITDA to 4.1x (from 5x at end-2023).

The company's liquidity remains sufficient at USD 2.2bn,
including cash and short-term investments, as well as USD
150mn in undrawn credit facilities. WML’s major maturities
till end-2025 include the USD 600mn bond due in October
2024 and the USD 1.3bn revolver due in September 2025,
which should be fully covered by cash on hand and future
cash flows. The company may also tap the USD bond market
or renew the bank facilities for additional liquidity, in our
view. Management has guided for USD 350–500mn in
concession-related capex in 2024–2025, in addition to USD
50mn in maintenance capex annually during the two years.

Investment view
We expect Wynn Macau to further deleverage due to
EBITDA recovery and manageable capex over the next 12–
18 months. While there are various expansion plans at the
group level, we expect its credit rating to be stable during
the same period. We’re therefore comfortable holding
Wynn Macau’s bonds and currently see better value in the
2028 bond due to yield pickup and a flat curve in the long
end.

Wynn Resorts continues to look for diversification
opportunities; it has announced the Wynn AI Marjan Island
project located in United Arab Emirates, in which it has a
40% equity ownership. The estimated project cost is USD
3.9bn and the expected opening date is in 1Q27. Together
with its joint bid with Related Co. for a New York casino
license, these future development projects may increase
group-level leverage. Given the long development period

and uncertainty in the license bidding, we don’t expect
the group to incur significant capex over the next 12–18
months.

Key risks include 1) a weaker-than-expected GGR and
EBITDA recovery; and 2) an unexpected aggressive debt-
funded expansion of the group that leads to a rating
downgrade.

Melco Resorts Finance
UBS credit outlook: Stable
Moody’s/S&P ratings: Ba3/BB-
Analyst coverage: Eve Li

Company updates
As a wholly-owned subsidiary of Melco Resorts &
Entertainment (MLCO), Melco Resorts Finance (MRF, the
USD bond issuer), owns 85% of Melco Resorts (Macau)
(MRM). MRM is one of six gaming concessionaires in
Macau, operating a portfolio that includes City of Dreams,
Altira, and the Mocha clubs. Studio City, the other Macau
entity and 55% held by MLCO, owns the Studio City
integrated resorts, and these resorts' gaming activities are
also operated by MRM. MLCO also owns and operates
integrated resorts in the Philippines (City of Dreams
Manila) and Cyprus (City of Dreams Mediterranean). Melco
International Development (MID) is the ultimate parent of
MLCO, with a 51.7% stake as of end-2023. The founder,
Lawrence Ho, holds around 61% of MID.

In 1Q24, MLCO’s Macau operations continued to be the
biggest contributor to the group’s results. Mass/slot GGR
in Macau recovered to 111% of the 1Q19 level, while the
recovery of the VIP segment was in line with the sector
at 23%. Adjusted property EBITDA in Macau was flattish
q/q at USD 250mn, reaching 72% of the 1Q19 level and
accounting for 84% of the group’s total adjusted property
EBITDA.

In April, MRF issued a new USD 750mn senior bond
maturing in 2032 at a coupon rate of 7.625%. The proceeds
will be used for a partial redemption of its 2020 credit
facilities, with an outstanding amount of USD 900mn
pre-deal. Meanwhile, MLCO also announced a two-year
maturity extension of the credit facilities to April 2027. While
the new issuance doesn’t impact total debt, we think the
company has meaningfully reduced its debt burden in 2025
with these refinancing efforts. Together with Studio City’s
USD 100mn tender offer in April, we estimate MLCO’s pro-
forma total debt and net debt to be USD 7.3bn and USD
6.2bn, respectively. Pro-forma net leverage at the group level
improved to 5.2x (using annualized 1Q24 adjusted property
EBITDA), compared to 5.9x at end-2023.

On 30 April, MLCO announced that it was awarded a 20-
year casino license by the Sri Lanka government, and it will

Asia Pacific bonds

71

1619041_9b0ca082-8df5-4821-8e54-eb8e68ab0716.pdf



partner with John Keells Holdings to operate the gaming
area at City of Dreams Sri Lanka, as well as some hotel
rooms. MLCO expects to commence the casino operations
in mid-2025, and expects the initial investment to be USD
125mn.

MLCO’s liquidity is adequate, in our view, with its cash on
hand fully covering the next major maturing debt (the USD
1bn June 2025 dollar bond). In addition, we estimate the
group to have USD 1.8bn in pro-forma undrawn credit lines,
factoring the repayment using net proceeds of the new
dollar bonds. Full-year capex at the group level stands at
USD 415mn, according to management.

Investment view
The recovery pace of MLCO’s property EBITDA in Macau
is behind that of its HY peers, partly due to unfavorable
VIP luck in 1Q24. With management’s focus on customer
experience and enhanced product offerings, we expect the
gap to gradually narrow. Ultimately, MLCO is the credit
driver of MRF’s bonds under both Moody’s and S&P’s
methodologies. According to S&P, it plans to solve the
current Positive outlook in mid-2024 (to upgrade or to revise
it to Stable). We think a few more data points of market
share movements are still needed for the agency to make a
decision. That said, with the deleveraging still on track, we
see carry opportunities along the curve.

Key risks include 1) a weaker-than-expected EBITDA
recovery due to market share loss or aggressive
reinvestment; 2) a more-than-expected cash leakage to MID.

Studio City
UBS credit outlook: Stable
Moody’s/S&P ratings: B1/B+
Analyst coverage: Eve Li

Company updates
Studio City International, 55% held by Melco Resorts &
Entertainment (MLCO), owns the Studio City integrated
resorts in Macau. Its gaming activities are operated by
the gaming concessionaire MRM, pursuant to certain
agreements. Studio City receives the residual amount of its
GGR after deducting gaming taxes and operating costs from
MRM. With its focus on the mass market, Studio City is
critical to MLCO’s overall strategy in Macau. In 1Q24, it
contributed to 31% and 35% to MLCO’s total and mass
GGR in Macau, respectively.

In 1Q24, Studio City saw its casino GGR reaching USD
318mn, +8% q/q and 91% of the 1Q19 level. Adjusted
property EBITDA grew 14% q/q to USD 88mn, also
recovering to 91% of the 1Q19 level. Deducting the
fees and shared service charges as well as intercompany
costs, Studio City’s reported adjusted EBITDA of USD
66mn was around 20% lower compared to the pre-

COVID level. Adjusted debt/LTM EBITDA, however, improved
meaningfully to 10.9x (from 16.6x in 2023), thanks to a
stable debt level and the rebound in EBITDA. The company
has repurchased USD 203mn of its 2025 bond since
November 2023, reducing its pro-forma total debt to USD
2.2bn, according to our estimates.

Investment view
We expect Studio City’s standalone credit profile to further
improve, supported by EBITDA normalization and limited
capex after the opening of Studio City Phase 2. Its issuer
rating contains a one-notch and a two-notch uplift under
Moody’s and S&P’s methodologies, reflecting its role as
a strategically important subsidiary of MLCO. The group
supported Studio City during COVID, including subscribing
twice to Studio City’s private placements at a total cost of
around USD 450mn. We still like Studio City’s longer-end
bonds for yield pickup among gaming bonds.

Key risks include a weaker-than-expected EBITDA recovery
due to market share loss or an aggressive reinvestment
strategy.

SJM Holdings
UBS credit outlook: Stable
Moody’s/S&P ratings: Ba3/NR
Analyst coverage: Eve Li

Company updates
SJM Holdings (SJM), 61.9% owned by STDM, is one of six
casino operators in Macau. SJM owns and operates the
Grand Lisboa Palace Resort (GLP), and the Grand Lisboa
hotel and casino, as well as other self-operated casinos.
The profit-sharing agreements for its nine third-party-owned
satellite casinos (14 previously) will end at end-2025. In
1Q24, SJM achieved MOP 6.9bn GGR, up 9% q/q and
reaching 66% of the 1Q19 level. More notably, its mass/slot
GGR at self-promoted casinos exceeded the 1Q19 level by
37%, mainly supported by the phased opening of GLP in
July 2021.

Backed by the recovering GGR, SJM’s adjusted EBITDA
improved 23% q/q to MOP 864mn in 1Q24 (80% of the
1Q19 level), while net debt was largely stable at MOP
23.5bn. As a result, net leverage using the last-twelve-
months adjusted EBITDA decreased to 9.2x as of March
2024, from 13.7x at end-2023. The interest coverage ratio
also improved to 1.3x (from 0.9x). Based on the current run
rate of profitability, we expect SJM’s net leverage to further
trend down to mid-to-high 6x by end-2024. The company’s
liquidity is sufficient, in our view, with MOP 7.7bn in cash
and undrawn credit facilities as of March 2024.

Investment view
We expect a stable rating trajectory for SJM over the next
12 months. Its Ba3 issuer rating is anchored by an estimated

Asia Pacific bonds

72

1619041_9b0ca082-8df5-4821-8e54-eb8e68ab0716.pdf



adjusted debt/EBITDA of below 5x in 2025, according to
Moody’s. A further ramp up of GLP will support the EBITDA
improvement, in our view. The property generated MOP
88bn in adjusted property EBITDA in 1Q24, from only MOP
2mn in 4Q23, and losses in previous quarters. With the full
opening of Palazzo Versace in March 2024, management
said that GLP’s market share increased to 2.2% in April,
against a target of 5%. According to the Macau Cultural
Affairs Bureau, the government plans to build an outdoor
performance venue capable of accommodating up to
50,000 people near GLP. The facility is scheduled to open
in 2025, aiming to attract large-scale performances to the
city. Together with better connectivity, plus additional retail
and F&B offerings, we expect GLP to contribute more to the
group's results.

In light of the guided MOP 1.5–1.6bn in capex and the
expected MOP 2bn in interest expenses, we do not expect
a significant reduction in total debt this year. That said, we
think its leverage ratio will continue to trend down, and
expect the absolute debt level to decline more meaningfully
from next year. Strong parent support, indicated by the 6-
year shareholder loans and subscription to its right issue in
2022, is also credit positive, in our view. After the strong
rebound year-to-date, SJM’s US dollar bonds are trading in
line or slightly tighter compared to those from Melco Resorts
Finance. We think its relative valuation is less appealing
currently and have Fair ratings on the company's 2026 and
2028 bonds.

Key risks include 1) a weaker-than-expected ramp up of
GLP and EBITDA improvement; and 2) a significant loss in
market share and irrational sector competition.

Asia Pacific bonds

73

1619041_9b0ca082-8df5-4821-8e54-eb8e68ab0716.pdf



Figure 28 - Other Asian issuers covered in this
report and their respective credit views

Source: UBS. Please see the back of the report for the definition of risk
flags

Table 13 - Key financial & credit metrics (FY23)

Source: Company reports, UBS

Ayala Corp
UBS credit outlook: Stable
Moody’s/S&P ratings: NR/NR
Analyst coverage: Devinda Paranathanthri

Company updates
Ayala Corp is one of the Philippines' largest conglomerates,
with businesses spanning a wide range of industries,
including real estate, utilities, telecommunications, finance,
energy, and infrastructure. On a consolidated basis, 2023
revenues and EBITDA increased by 10% and 22%,
respectively. This was driven by strong performances from
Bank of the Philippine Islands and Ayala Land. Consolidated
total debt in the group also increased gradually over the
past three years from PHP 377bn in 2020 to PHP 546bn in
2023 as key subsidiaries has added more debt. Therefore,
consolidated debt-to-EBITDA remains weak at 14.8x. Ayala
also disclosed in May 2024 its plans to sell a 22.3% stake for
a consideration of USD 252mn. This sale is part of its strategy

to monetize non-core assets to generate around USD 1bn
to reduce debt and fund other investments.

Investment view
While consolidated metrics look weak, we believe this is less
of a focus for the credit as subsidiaries can independently
take care of their debt. Ayala’s key strength is the market
value of its key listed subsidiaries, which adequately covers
the total debt at the holdco level. In our view, the holding
company can also look at monetizing stakes to generate
liquidity at times of need. All three remaining bonds
from Ayala are fixed-for-life perpetuals, and given the low
coupons (3.9%, 4.85%, and 5.125%), they are relatively
cheap funding channels for the company. We believe the
bonds are not very likely to be called in the coming
years, and investors should view them as very long-term
instruments. As such, the current yield to maturity, which is
at a low 6% level, is not particularly attractive, in our view.
Rather, we prefer owning a 30-year bond of a BBB-rated
issuer in Asia offering a mid-to-high 5% yield, which should
directly benefit from lower interest rates in the coming year.

Key risks include debt-funded acquisitions at the holdco
level and a more general slowdown in the Philippine
economy.

International Container Terminal Services
UBS credit outlook: Stable
Moody’s/S&P ratings: NR/NR
Analyst coverage: Devinda Paranathanthri

Company updates
International Container Terminal Services (ICT) is an
international operator of container terminals under long-
term concession agreements. Asia, including its home base
of the Philippines, accounts for around half of its business
while the US and EMEA account for the rest. ICTSI processed
12.7mn TEUs for the full-year 2023 leading to USD 2.4bn
in revenues (up 6% y/y). EBITDA for 2023 was USD 1.5bn,
increasing by 7% y/y. The company reported operating
cash flows of USD 954mn, and post-capex and dividends,
generated free cash flows of USD 209mn. Free cash flows
also helped to build its cash position, which stood at USD
716mn at end=2023. Debt-to-EBITDA for 2023 was around
3.4x, improving from the peak at 5.6x in 2020.

Investment view
We believe ICT is set to generate free cash flows of around
USD 200mn in the next two years, barring any new capex
plans. As a result, we expect to see a moderate improvement
in its credit metrics this year. The company has a good
operating track record and management has shown the
ability to successfully execute its expansion plans. Given the
scale and diversity in operations as well as its stable credit
profile, we see this as a weak BBB rated credit. However,
currently tight valuations for the bonds largely reflect this.

Asia Pacific bonds

74

1619041_9b0ca082-8df5-4821-8e54-eb8e68ab0716.pdf



We expect the perpetual bond to be called in 2026 and
believe the company has enough access to both offshore
and onshore funding to fund this call.

Key risks include any significant capex plans that could
put pressure on its balance sheet and significant currency
fluctuations that can impact ICT’s earnings.

Jollibee Corporation
UBS credit outlook: Stable
Moody’s/S&P ratings: NR/NR
Analyst coverage: Devinda Paranathanthri

Company updates
Jollibee is one of the largest restaurant groups based in
the Philippines. The business was heavily impacted during
the COVID-19 years. But it was able to tap into the
hefty cash balance it had built up by issuing USD debt
in 2020 to avoid liquidity stress. The company has now
improved its earnings and profitability to a level that is
markedly better than the pre-COVID years, particularly for
its North America operations. In 1Q24, EBITDA rose 14.7%
y/y, driven by top-line growth. System-wide sales grew by
10.4% y/y in 1Q24. Net leverage as of end-1Q24 was
around 3.1x. Jollibee has also announced plans to acquire
a 75% stake in South Korean coffee brand Compose
Coffee for a total consideration of USD 340mn. Compose
Coffee’s third-largest store network has a 7.5% market
share in South Korea. It is also a net cash company with
no outstanding debt. It is not clear how Jollibee plans to
fund this acquisition, but we expect some debt addition
during the year. Jollibee has made a few acquisitions in the
past decade to expand its presence outside of its home
base of the Philippines, and some of these acquisitions, such
as Smashburger, have dragged on profitability. However,
Compose Coffee appears to be more profitable than some
previous transactions and is likely to be margin accretive, in
our view.

Investment view
The recovery in earnings and profitability for Jollibee is a key
credit positive, in our view. However, the recent acquisition
is likely to lead to higher debt in the current year, but
credit metrics could improve as Compose Coffee is EBITDA-
accretive without any debt. We believe the perpetual bond
are likely to be called in January 2025 as the coupon reset
is relatively high (5Y+4.78%) and this bond offers decent
short-term carry. The dated senior bond is trading at an
investment grade-like valuation, though we view it as a BB
credit. As such, we see less value in the 2026 and 2030
bonds.

Key risks include further acquisitions that could put
pressure on its balance sheet and a general slowdown in
consumer spending in the Philippines.

San Miguel Corporation
UBS credit outlook: Stable
Moody’s/S&P ratings: NR/NR
Analyst coverage: Devinda Paranathanthri

Company updates
San Miguel Corporation (SMC) is one of the largest
conglomerates in the Philippines, and it is engaged in the
food & beverage, oil refining, power, and infrastructure
businesses. SMC’s 2023 revenues fell 4% but EBITDA grew
24% to PHP 205bn, driven by a strong performance across
all segments. SMC Global Power’s EBITDA improved by 34%
as lower thermal coal prices and better cost pass-through
improved margins significantly. Petron’s EBITDA rose sharply
(+36% y/y) as well, driven by better refining margins and
volume growth. Given that SMC is a holding company, debt
servicing is done through dividends from its key subsidiaries.
Total dividend-related inflows were around PHP 35bn in
2023 and were not sufficient to cover the annual interest
cost of PHP 38bn for the holdco. Additionally, the financial
support to SMC Global Power led to a significant drop in
cash balances to PHP 56bn from PHP 137bn in 2022.

Investment view
We believe the holdco’s liquidity position will remain
tight until some of the key subsidiaries start to upstream
dividends. However, the company has demonstrated its
ability to tap the bank loan market and the onshore bond
market in recent times. For example, SMC secured a USD
2bn 5-year syndicated loan from 35 banks earlier in the
year and raised PHP 20bn in domestic bonds to fund airport
capex. These transactions should address the company’s
near-term funding needs. As its subsidiary SMC Global
Power has called its first perpetual, this has removed a key
overhang for the perpetual bond outstanding at SMC level.
While its liquidity position will likely remain tight, we are
comfortable owning the perp on the back of SMC’s ability
to access various funding channels. Our base case is for this
bond to be called in July 2025 as the company is unlikely to
retain it with +500bps step-up.

Key risks include further funding support for key
subsidiaries such as SMC Power and other potential capex
or M&As putting further pressure on holdco liquidity.

Export-Import Bank of Thailand
UBS credit outlook: Stable
Moody’s/S&P ratings: Baa1/NR
Analyst coverage: Joel Tan

Company updates
The Export-Import Bank of Thailand (EXIM Thailand) is a
100% state-owned policy bank under the supervision of the
Ministry of Finance (MoF). The bank provides credit facilities,
guarantees, insurance against risk, and other services in

Asia Pacific bonds

75

1619041_9b0ca082-8df5-4821-8e54-eb8e68ab0716.pdf



order to promote and support Thai exports, imports, and
investments. Unlike commercial banks, EXIM Thailand does
not accept retail deposits and only sources deposits from
government agencies and state-owned enterprises (SOEs),
and hence relies heavily on wholesale funding. EXIM
Thailand has grown its loan book steadily over the past
few years, often taking a countercyclical role with regard to
loan disbursement in line with its policy role. In FY23, EXIM
Thailand recorded strong net interest income of THB 4.3bn
(+12.8% y/y), buoyed by healthy loan growth of 4.3%.
However, expected credit losses more than doubled to THB
2.8bn (FY22: THB 1.1bn), resulting in a 69.7% decline in
net profit to THB 456mn. Higher provisioning came on the
back of deteriorating asset quality, with EXIM Thailand’s NPL
ratio rising to 4.7% (FY22: 2.9%). EXIM Thailand’s provision
coverage ratio also weakened to 190.7%, from 263% in
FY22. EXIM Thailand’s capitalization metrics improved in
FY23, following the MoF's capital injection in March 2023,
with its Tier 1 ratio at 12.1% (FY22: 11.3%) and total
capital adequacy ratio at 13.4% (FY22: 12.1%), well above
regulatory minimums.

Investment view
We view EXIM Thailand as an extension of the Thai
government, given its 100% state ownership and important
policy bank status. We are moderately concerned with the
sharp deterioration in asset quality in FY23, but we believe
that the policy bank will continue to enjoy forthcoming state
support if required, as evidenced by the MoF’s recent capital
injection in March 2023. Due to its government linkage,
EXIM Thailand also enjoys good access to capital markets
at a reasonably low funding cost, mitigating refinancing
risks from its sizable debt burden. Valuation-wise, EXIM
Thailand’s USD bonds generally trade in line with than
those issued by similarly-rated Thai commercial banks such
as Bangkok Bank and Kasikornbank. Investors who want
USD exposure to the Thai sovereign (which does not have
outstanding USD debt) can consider EXIM Thailand’s USD
bonds as an equivalent, in our view.

Key risks for EXIM Thailand include a severe slowdown
in the Thai economy leading to further asset quality
deterioration, a heavy reliance on wholesale funding which
would pose refinancing risks, and less state support.

PTT Exploration & Production (PTTEP)
UBS credit outlook: Stable
Moody’s/S&P ratings: Baa1/BBB+
Analyst coverage: Devinda Paranathanthri

Company updates
PTT Exploration & Production (PTTEP) is a large integrated
energy company in Thailand and is 65% owned by PTT
Public Co. Ltd, which is majority owned by Thailand’s
Ministry of Finance. PTTEP has long-term contractual
agreements with PTT, where it sells close to 70% of the

production. The company has generated very strong EBITDA
margins above 70% over the past three years. PTT’s credit
metrics are currently very strong, with the balance sheet in
a net cash position. Total debt-to-EBITDA stood at 0.6x for
2023. PTTEP recently announced the acquisition of a 10%
stake in Ghasha Concession, one of the largest natural gas
fields in the United Arab Emirates. We think this is likely to
be funded by its internal resources. According to S&P, this
will increase its reserve life from 6.2 years in December 2023
to 7.3 years.

Investment view
As a key government-linked company engaged in oil & gas
exploration activities, we believe there is a high likelihood
of government support if the need arises. PTTEP also has
solid credit fundamentals and is one of the stronger entities
within the PTT Group umbrella. Given its strong balance
sheet, we believe the company will be on the lookout for
sizable acquisitions. However, good acquisitions that can
materially improve its reserve life will be a credit positive, in
our view. The company has not issued USD bonds for some
time and given the strong cash position of USD 5.2bn, we
do not see any immediate need to return to the USD bond
market.

Key risks include any negative developments relating to its
Myanmar operations and a significant drop in oil prices.

Genting Overseas Holdings
UBS credit outlook: Stable
Agency ratings: Baa2/NR
Analyst coverage: Eve Li

Company updates
Genting Overseas Holdings (GOHL) is a wholly-owned
subsidiary of Genting Berhad (GENT). GOHL’s main holding
is a 52.6% stake in Genting Singapore (GENS), and its
primary source of cash flow is dividends from GENS.
GENS owns Resorts World Sentosa (RWS) in Singapore,
which houses one of the only two casinos in the country.
Other attractions include S.E.A. Aquarium, Adventure Cove
Waterpark, Universal Studios Singapore, hotels, and MICE
facilities.

In 2023, Singapore’s tourism sector captured a strong
post-COVID rebound, with international visitor arrivals and
tourism receipts reaching 71% and 98%, respectively, of
2019 levels (from 33% and 51% in 2022). GENS also
witnessed a full normalization of its gaming business, and
net revenues including non-gaming grew 41% to SGD
2.4bn. The consolidated adjusted EBITDA was SGD 1.02bn,
or SGD 1.06bn for the Singapore leisure and hospitality
segment only, representing a 86% recovery compared to the
2019 level. The relatively lower EBITDA recovery was due
to an increase in the gaming tax rate in 2022, leading to a
lower EBITDA margin of 43.7% (vs. 49.7% in 2019). GENS

Asia Pacific bonds

76

1619041_9b0ca082-8df5-4821-8e54-eb8e68ab0716.pdf



maintained a strong net cash position, with SGD 3.6bn cash
on hand, no borrowings outstanding, and only SGD 3mn
in lease liabilities. Its operating cash flows improved to SGD
959mn, comfortably covering SGD 328mn capex, minimal
interest, and SGD 423mn in dividends. Based on its stake
in GENS, GOHL received SGD 222mn in dividends in 2023,
more than sufficient to cover its annual coupon costs of USD
64mn (SGD 86mn).

We expect GENS to incur higher capex over the next few
years for its strategic transformation. Its RWS 2.0 plan
includes a waterfront development, a new theme zone at
Universal Studios Singapore, and an expanded aquarium.
That said, we don’t expect higher investment needs to derail
its ability to distribute regular and steady (if not higher)
dividends, thanks to its strong cash flows and abundant cash
on hand.

Investment view
GOHL and its wholly-owned subsidiary GOHL Capital (the
issuer) are supported by a keepwell deed from GENT.
We believe the parent will lend support to GOHL in its
redemption or refinancing of the bonds upon maturity in
2027. To ensure GENS renews its casino licenses every three
years, in our view, the solvency of GOHL is crucial. GENS is
also one of the key contributors to GENT’s adjusted EBITDA
(40% in 2023). We rate the bonds as Fair given ther similar
trading level as Sands China’s 2027 bonds.

Key risks to our view include an unexpected significant
decline in GENS’s dividends due to larger-than-expected
capex.

Tenaga Nasional Berhad
UBS credit outlook: Stable
Moody’s/S&P ratings: A3/A-
Analyst coverage: Joel Tan

Company updates
Tenaga Nasional Berhad (TNB) is the largest vertically
integrated electricity utility in Malaysia, with core business
activities including the generation, transmission, and
distribution of electricity. 60% of TNB is indirectly owned
by the Malaysian government, with the country’s sovereign
wealth fund Khazanah Nasional Berhad owning a 22.6%
stake in TNB, while other government-related agencies
cumulatively hold 44.9% of TNB’s shares. Malaysia’s
electricity transmission and distribution (T&D) business is
highly regulated, with the regulatory framework allowing
TNB to pass through any variation in fuel costs and other
generation costs via an imbalance cost pass-through (ICPT)
mechanism.

In FY23, TNB revenue declined 13% to MYR 63.7bn, though
this was a function of a higher ICPT cost recovery in the prior
year. Revenue excluding ICPT cost recovery, which is more

reflective of TNB’s operating performance, was up 4.3% at
MYR 53.1bn on the back of increased electricity demand.
However, EBITDA was 10.5% lower at MYR 18.6bn, and
net income fell 26.8% to MYR 2.6bn. TNB’s credit profile
strengthened in FY23, underpinned by an improved liquidity
position following robust free cash flow. Net leverage
declined to 3.9x (FY22: 4.4x) while gearing (total debt/
capital) improved to 60.3% (FY22: 61.4%). In 1Q24, TNB’s
revenue excluding ICPT cost recovery was 8% y/y higher at
MYR 13.6bn on strong electricity demand growth. However,
EBITDA was 1.6% y/y lower at MYR 4.4tr while net profit
slumped 27.2% y/y to MYR 678mn, largely attributable to
a sizable forex translation and higher tax expenses. Despite
this, TNB’s credit metrics remained stable, with annualized
net leverage at 3.7x and gearing at 60.1%.

Investment view
As Malaysia’s primary electricity generation enterprise, TNB
boasts a dominant market position and plays a strategically
important role in Malaysia’s electricity sector. TNB also
benefits from a well-diversified customer base and a
predominance of long-term contracts, which allows for
stable cash flow. A key credit weakness for TNB is the six-
month timing mismatch between upfront generation costs
and ICPT cost recovery, which results in a spike in receivables
and high working capital needs during periods of elevated
fuel costs. Nevertheless, we take comfort from its strong
track record of timely and adequate ICPT cost recovery, with
the government also providing a MYR 6bn guarantee to
support TNB’s working capital requirements. TNB’s credit
profile has improved in the past 12–18 months, supported
by a stabilization in fuel costs and an improvement in
receivables collection, prompting a rating upgrade by S&P
from BBB+ to A-. On a standalone basis, we view TNB’s
credit profile as weak for a high investment grade credit, but
we think this is well mitigated by the high likelihood of state
support if required. Valuation-wise, TNB’s USD bonds are
trading at similar levels to other quasi-sovereign Malaysian
credits, and we view the bonds as a decent carry trade for
investors looking for quality Malaysian credit.

Key risks for TNB include a timing mismatch between
upfront generation costs and cost recovery granted by the
government, and foreign exchange (FX) risks due to a
currency mismatch between costs and revenues.

Mong Duong 2
UBS credit outlook: Stable
Moody’s/S&P ratings: Ba2/NR
Analyst coverage: Devinda Paranathanthri

Company updates
Mong Duong 2 (MD2) is an independent power producer
(IPP) in Vietnam holding a 25-year concession to operate a
1,120MW aggregate capacity coal-fired power plant. MD2
operates under a long-term power purchase agreement

Asia Pacific bonds

77

1619041_9b0ca082-8df5-4821-8e54-eb8e68ab0716.pdf



(PPA) with the state electricity company which allows for full
cost pass-throughs. MD2’s 1Q24 EBITDA was USD 63mn
versus USD 56mn in 4Q23. In general, annual EBITDA has
been around the USD 240mn level, without much volatility
given the stable business model. Gross leverage for 1Q24
on an annualized basis stood at 2.5x. The bonds started
amortizing in November 2023 with annual payments of
around USD108mn which should be funded by internal cash
flows and its cash position of around USD 97mn as of March
2024. Since the amortization commenced in November
2023, cash flows left for dividends are likely to be much less
than previous years, in our view.

Back in December 2023, AES Corp announced that it had
signed an agreement to sell its 51% stake in MD2 to Sev.en
Global Investments. This will not trigger a change of control
as the acquirer is considered to be a qualified transferee.
Such ownership changes in coal-fired generation capacity
are a broader theme we have observed in other IPPs. We
note that the company’s ability to pay dividends following
the bond amortization is now limited. But the new owners
have limited options to change the financial policies given
the bond covenants, in our view.

Investment view
MD2 has a stable credit profile and its PPA ensures adequate
cost pass-throughs. We believe the debt position should
gradually come down over the next two years with the bond
amortization. This also alleviates some refinancing risk at the
final maturity and reduces the weighted average life of the
bond to less than three years. The bonds are trading at a
ESG premium over other BB rated bonds as MD2 runs a coal-
fired power plant. Taking this into consideration and despite
the headlines around ownership changes, the current yields
just above 7% look decent to us for a stable BB credit.

Key risks include any operational issues that could impact
the capacity availability of the power plant and any negative
developments relating to the ownership change.

Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company
UBS credit outlook: Stable
Agency ratings: Aa3/AA-
Analyst coverage: Eve Li

Company updates
Founded in 1987, Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing
Company (TSMC) is the world's largest semiconductor
foundry and was the pioneer of the pure-play foundry
business model in the semiconductor industry. Its annual
manufacturing capacity exceeded 16mn 12-inch equivalent
wafers in 2023, with nine wafer fabs in Taiwan, two in
mainland China, and one in the US. The company is also
constructing two fabs in Arizona, and the first fab is targeted
to start production in 1H25. A new fab in Kumamoto, Japan
is also scheduled for production in late 2024.

In 2Q24, TSMC reported NTD 674bn in net revenue,
+13.6% q/q and +40.1% y/y. 5nm remains the biggest
revenue contributor (35%), followed by 7nm (17%), 3nm
(15%), and 16nm (9%). By platform, HPC and smartphone
accounted for 52% and 33% of net revenue, respectively.
It maintained a largely stable gross margin at 53.2%,
in line with its long-term target. The company further
strengthened its net cash position to over NTD 1tr as of end-
June. For 3Q24, the company has guided USD 22.4–23.2bn
in revenue, implying a 8–11% q/q growth. Gross margin
and operating margin are expected to be 53.5–55.5% and
42.5–44.5%, respectively.

Investment view
The rising AI demand and constant developments will
likely benefit TSMC thanks to its technology leadership and
close relationships with its customers. This will drive the
company’s revenue growth over the next few years, in our
view. We also expect its margin to be supported by its
crucial role in the value chain and potential price hikes for
certain products to key customers. While its capex will likely
remain high over the next 1–2 years due to continuous
capacity expansion, we believe it can be fully covered by the
strong operating cash flow. We view TSMC’s financial risk as
minimal over the next 1–2 years and think its USD bonds are
suitable for investors wanting quality bond exposure. That
said, we’re mindful of higher volatilities of its longer-end
bonds due to rate movements.

Key risks to our view include higher rates for longer and
unexpected negative geopolitical events.

Asia Pacific bonds

78

1619041_9b0ca082-8df5-4821-8e54-eb8e68ab0716.pdf



Figure 29 - Banks covered in this report and their
respective credit views

Source: UBS. Please see the back of the report for the definition of risk
flags

Table 14 - Key financial & credit metrics (as of
end-2023)

Source: Company reports, UBS

Mainland China banks

FY23 results
Our covered banks reported lackluster FY23 earnings. CCB,
ICBC, and BOCOM saw their pre-provision operating profit
(PPoP) decline 2–6% due to NIM compression and lower
non-interest income after policy adjustments (mortgage
repricing and fee cuts). BOC outperformed thanks to
stronger loan growth and a narrower NIM decline. Except for
BOCOM, all our covered banks reported accelerated RWA
expansion, likely due to the extension of loans to support
the real economy. This resulted in capital ratios declining
20–55bps. BOCOM’s capitalization improved marginally,
but remained the weakest among its peers. It has been
designated as a G-SIB since October 2023 and faces capital-
raising pressure. Asset quality was better than feared; NPL
ratios remained broadly stable and provision coverage ratios
improved.

Key credit drivers
Rate cuts and policy risk: We expect NIM pressure to persist
due to 1) loan prime rate cuts; 2) continued mortgage
repricing; and 3) its loan mix skewing toward lower-yield
corporate loans in policy-supported sectors. Future earnings
should be constrained, in our view, but banks could release
provision buffers to offset negative NIM impact.

Asia Pacific bonds

79

1619041_9b0ca082-8df5-4821-8e54-eb8e68ab0716.pdf



Capital management: Muted earnings and accelerated
RWA expansion will likely add downward pressure on
capital ratios. In addition, these banks face additional TLAC
capital requirements by January 2025. ICBC and BOC have
announced TLAC issuance totaling CNY 210bn this year. We
expect most of the supply, if not all, to be fulfilled onshore.

Investment view
We have Fair ratings on most mainland Chinese state-
owned banks' senior and Tier 2 bonds given strong technical
support. Despite challenges, we think the banks have
sufficient capital buffers.

Key risks
Key downside risks include 1) wide scale credit asset
repricing due to persistent property downturn; and 2)
regulatory risks which can include sanctions. An upside
risk is stronger-than-expected domestic economic recovery,
which should support asset quality and balanced loan
growth.

Hong Kong banks

FY23 results
Our covered Hong Kong banks reported NIM expansion
of 16-49bps in FY23, resulting in PPoP rising by 11–
34% (except for Dah Sing Bank, which was weighed
down by its cost-to-income ratio). However, mainland China
property-related loans drove credit costs higher, with CWB
Wing Lung, Nanyang Commercial Bank, and CITIC Bank
International reporting credit costs of 215bps, 105bps,
and 126bps, respectively. NPL ratios worsened across the
board, ranging from 1% to 2.7%, with non-performing
Hong Kong loans on the rise, reflecting sluggish domestic
economic growth and concerns over commercial real estate
(CRE). Provision coverage ratios took another step down,
with some falling into the uncomfortable 20–40% territory.
CET1 ratios mostly improved, helped by reduced or flat
RWAs.

Key credit drivers
Peaking NIMs and challenged loan growth: Our
expectations for the Federal Reserve to lower interest rates
this year should translate into peaking NIMs for Hong Kong
banks. In addition, loan growth remains challenging due to
a lack of demand, coupled with the banks’ cautious stance.
As such, we expect earnings to be constrained.

Property sector exposure and continued provisioning: The
mainland China property sector will still be a key driver of
credit cost. The banks with high exposure to mainland China
loans include CMB WL (42%), NCB (37%), BEA (33%), and
Chong Hing Bank (31%). The Hong Kong commercial real
estate (CRE) sector is also starting to show signs of stress as
vacancy rates rise and rents fall. Hong Kong banks will likely

continue reporting elevated provisions as coverage ratios
have fallen for three consecutive years.

Investment view
We like select Hong Kong banks' TLAC and Tier 2 bonds.
We take comfort from their high capital ratios which should
buffer asset quality deterioration.

Key risks
A key downside risk is a worse-than-expected property
downturn in mainland China and stress in the Hong Kong
CRE sector, which may result in higher NPL formation. A key
upside risk is a faster-than-expected recovery in mainland
China’s property sector, which should stabilize the asset
quality of Hong Kong banks.

Indian banks

FY23 results
Indian private banks (Axis, ICICI) reported resilient FY23
earnings driven by NIM expansion and robust loan growth.
HDFC bank merged with HDFC Limited in July 2023 and
reported stable metrics after the merger. State-owned State
Bank of India saw NIMs decline as its cost of funds rose
quicker than loan yields, and earnings were affected by one-
off wage provisions.

Asset quality trends were encouraging, with marked
declines in NPL ratios while provision coverage ratios
remained stable. Capitalization declined across all covered
banks due to: 1) regulatory changes affecting risk weights
on personal and credit card loans; and 2) robust loan growth
(14–22%).

Key credit drivers
Funding costs to constrain NIMs: Indian banks may have to
increase deposit rates to raise funding in order to support
robust demand for loans. This could cap NIMs going forward
if loan yields do not rise in tandem with funding costs. Banks
will need to balance between pursuing higher-yielding retail
loans versus the higher risk weightings that these loans now
attract.

Capital management in focus: With higher risk weightings
on several loan categories and higher risk-weighted assets
overall, Indian banks will need to manage CET1 ratios
prudently. Within our coverage, SBI has the lowest CET1
ratio, but it also enjoys the highest probability of state
support due to its 57% government ownership.

Investment view
We think Indian bank senior bonds are fairly valued, and
like HDFC's floating rate 2026 senior bond currently as the
quarterly coupon reset serves as a hedge against a higher
rate scenario.

Asia Pacific bonds

80

1619041_9b0ca082-8df5-4821-8e54-eb8e68ab0716.pdf



Key risks
A key downside risk is a rapid increase in funding costs
as Indian banks compete for deposits to bolster lending
activities. A key upside risk is India's economic growth,
which is expected to be a tailwind for bank asset quality and
loan growth.

Indonesian banks

FY23 results
Indonesian banks under our coverage recorded solid
profitability in FY23 as earnings grew between 14% and
34%. NIM trends varied as Bank Mandiri maintained a stable
NIM while BNI and BTN witnessed compressions. All three
banks registered healthy loan growth ranging from 7%
to 16%, which boosted net interest incomes. Indonesian
banks also cut back on provisioning in 2023 as asset quality
improved, with NPL ratios declining 40–70bps during the
year. Of the three banks, BTN had the weakest asset quality
(NPL at 3%, provision coverage at 155%), primarily from its
concentrated housing loan exposure due to its policy role
of supporting government housing programs. Capitalization
metrics for Indonesian banks under our coverage remained
sound, with CET1 ratios strengthening to 17.5–20.5%.

Key credit drivers
Sustained loan growth: Indonesian bank profitability will
largely depend on whether recent healthy loan growth can
be sustained, especially as NIM compression is likely to
continue with Bank Indonesia expected to cut rates this year.

Policy continuity: As Prabowo Subianto has been formally
declared as Indonesia’s next president, this should entail
policy continuity, which should be supportive for Indonesian
banks.

Investment view
On the credit front, Indonesian bank bonds are trading at
fairly tight valuations, a clear reflection of their healthy credit
fundamentals. As such, we have Fair ratings on most of the
senior bonds of Indonesian banks under our coverage. We
like select short-dated Tier 2 notes for yield enhancement.
We think investors who seek stable carry with low volatility
can consider Indonesian bank credits given their steady
fundamentals and short tenors.

Key risks
Key downside risks for Indonesian banks include sharp NIM
compressions, and steep declines in loan growth in the event
of a significant slowdown in the Indonesian economy. A key
upside risk is stronger-than-expected economic growth in
Indonesia, which should boost loan formation and augment
asset quality.

South Korean banks

FY23 results
Our covered South Korean banks reported relatively resilient
metrics in FY23, and their pre-provision operating profit rose
2–20%. However, the banks took larger provisions as a pre-
emptive measure against a weakening economic backdrop
and domestic real estate project financing loan exposure.
Net interest margins were stable to marginally lower, except
for Kookmin Bank which saw its NIM rise 10bps to 1.83%.
NPL ratios worsened at Hana Bank (+5bps to 0.25%) and
Kookmin Bank (+11bps to 0.3%), but all South Korean
banks continued to report ratios well below the Asian bank
averages. Also, provision coverage ratios at these two banks
declined, but remained above 200% of NPLs. CET1 ratios
were also higher across the board, rising 40–150bps to
13.2–16.1%.

Key credit drivers
Real estate project finance: With declining property prices
in South Korea and media reports of developers unable
to service debt, Korean banks have come under scrutiny
for their real estate project financing loan exposure. As of
September 2023, our covered banks had between 0.5%
and 1.7% of loans exposed to real estate project finance
although precise delinquency rates have not been reported.
If the Korean property sector continues to deteriorate, we
could see an uptick in NPLs (although from a low base).

Investment view
We continue to favor South Korean banks' subordinated
bonds, which offer yield pickup versus senior notes.
Compared with their Asian bank peers, South Korean
banks abide by a more stringent version of Basel III capital
amortization rules, in which capital amortization for their
Tier 2 bonds start five years before the call or maturity date.
This effectively reduces the risk of non-call as the bonds do
not have any capital value past the first call date.

Key risks
A key downside risk for South Korean banks is further
weakness in the counrry's housing market, which may result
in higher NPL formation. A key upside risk is a sustained
recovery in South Korea's real estate sector, which should
boost the asset quality of the country's banks.

Singapore banks

FY23 results
All three Singapore banks reported robust FY23 earnings,
with pre-provision operating profit growing 26–30%.
Earnings were driven by the continued expansion of NIMs
(+23–40bps) during the year although we think NIMs are
likely to have peaked. This allowed the banks to increase
provisions while keeping capital ratios robust. Loan growth
was tepid, with banks reporting 0.4–0.6% increases in gross

Asia Pacific bonds

81

1619041_9b0ca082-8df5-4821-8e54-eb8e68ab0716.pdf



loans. Asset quality improved across the board, with NPL
ratios declining 2–20bps, coupled with healthier provision
coverage ratios.

Key credit drivers
Capital management: Strong earnings growth and tepid
loan growth kept CET1 ratios stable or improving, which
prompted the banks to increase dividend payouts in 2023.
We expect the banks to manage their capital ratios
prudently and keep CET1 ratios above 13%.

Peaking NIMs and lower provision coverage ratios: Our
expectations for the Federal Reserve to lower interest rates
this year should translate into peaking NIMs for Singapore
banks although this might not be apparent as loan yields
take time to adjust. Peaking NIMs could result in lower
earnings growth in 2024 with smaller buffers for provisions.
However, we think asset quality is likely to remain sound and
see current provisions as adequate.

Investment view
Singapore banks' subordinated debt continue to be well
sought after by investors as the banks remain fundamentally
sound and yields are relatively attractive relative to the
banks' credit ratings. The Tier 2 bonds offer decent yields
with relatively short durations.

Key risks
A key downside risk for Singapore banks is a sharp
slowdown in the domestic economy, leading to higher
NPL formation and weaker asset quality. A key upside risk
is stronger-than-expected economic growth in Singapore,
which should boost asset quality and enhance profitability
for Singapore banks.

Thai banks

FY23 results
Thai banks under our coverage posted robust FY23 results,
bolstered by higher NIMs (+30–60bps) which boosted
profitability and more than offset weaker non-interest
income. Loan growth was tepid, with the banks adopting
a more prudent approach toward loan disbursement. Asset
quality strengthened, with NPL ratios largely declining in
2023, except for Kasikornbank where NPLs remained flat.
There was a spike in credit costs at Kasikornbank and KTB,
with the former continuing to clean up its balance sheet
and the latter dealing with one large loan delinquency.
Provision coverage remained ample, with provision coverage
ratios ranging from 150% to 300%. Capitalization metrics
improved in 2023, with CET1 ratios in the 15–17% range.

Key credit drivers
Peaking NIMs: With the Thai central bank under pressure
to cut rates in the near term, we think net interest margins

are likely to peak for Thai banks this year, which may curtail
profitability.

Loan growth uncertainty: With total loans for our covered
Thai banks declining marginally in 2023, it remains to be
seen if loan disbursement can pick up in 2024 to drive top-
line growth.

Credit costs: Credit costs may remain elevated as the banks
continue to clean up their loan books amidst stronger
profitability.

Investment view
Within the Thai banking space, we retain our preference for
Tier 2 bonds over senior bonds as we view the spread pickup
as attractive in the context of stable credit profiles. As such,
for quality Thai banks under our coverage, we are willing to
take on subordination risk for yield enhancement. We thus
have Attractive ratings on select Tier 2 instruments issued
by our covered Thai banks.

Key risks
A key risk for Thai banks is a sharp slowdown in the domestic
economy, exacerbated by already high household debt. A
key upside risk is stronger-than-expected loan growth which
augments profitability.

Asia Pacific bonds

82

1619041_9b0ca082-8df5-4821-8e54-eb8e68ab0716.pdf



Table 15 - Selection of Asia USD bonds

Source: UBS, as of 19 July 2024 06:30 GMT. Yield-to-call as calculated by UBS. Indicative pricing only.

Asia Pacific bonds

83

1619041_9b0ca082-8df5-4821-8e54-eb8e68ab0716.pdf



12 month rating history

ISSUER_LEGAL_NAME ISSUER_NAME PREVIOUS_ISSUER_VALUATION_VIEW ISIN PREVIOUS_BOND_RECO

CHINA GREAT WALL ASSET MANAGEMENT CORPORATION CN GT WALL INTL XS2471127584 Fair (2023-08-21)

REC LTD REC US74947MAD48 Attractive (2023-09-04)

CHINA GREAT WALL ASSET MANAGEMENT CORPORATION CN GT WALL INTL XS2471127584 Expensive (2023-11-20)

REC LTD REC US74947MAD48 Fair (2023-07-31)

SUN HUNG KAI PROPERTIES SHK PROP.(CAP MRKT) XS2099130382 Fair (2023-11-20)

PLN PERUSAHAAN LISTRIK US71568QAL14 Attractive (2023-09-04)

PLN PERUSAHAAN LISTRIK US71568QAL14 Fair (2023-07-31)

WYNN MACAU WYNN MACAU USG98149AH33 Attractive (2023-08-14)

PT FREEPORT INDONESIA FREEPORT ID USY7141BAB90 Fair (2023-08-21)

DAH SING BANK DAH SING BANK XS2701169901 Fair (2023-12-11)

BOC AVIATION BOC AVIATION US09681MAB46 Attractive (2023-08-21)

BANK OF EAST ASIA BK OF EAST ASIA XS2423359459 Fair (2024-02-23)

PT FREEPORT INDONESIA FREEPORT ID USY7141BAB90 Fair (2024-04-29)

LONGFOR PROPERTIES LONGFOR GRP XS2098539815 Fair (2023-10-23)

REC LTD REC US74947MAD48 Attractive (2024-04-29)

WYNN MACAU WYNN MACAU USG98149AH33 Fair (2024-01-08)

PLN PERUSAHAAN LISTRIK US71568QAL14 Fair (2024-03-18)

REC LTD REC US74947MAD48 Fair (2024-03-18)

PT FREEPORT INDONESIA FREEPORT ID USY7141BAB90 Attractive (2024-03-18)

RELIANCE INDUSTRIES RELIANCE INDUSTRIES USY72570AS69 Fair (2024-03-18)

CK HUTCHISON HUTCHISON WHAMPOA USG4672CAC94 Fair (2023-10-30)

KOREA HYDRO & NUCLEAR POWER CO LTD KHNP USY4899GFA68 Fair (2024-01-16)

MEDCO ENERGI MEDCO MAPLE USY5951MAA00 Fair (2024-03-18)

RELIANCE INDUSTRIES RELIANCE INDUSTRIES USY72570AS69 Attractive (2024-06-24)

RELIANCE INDUSTRIES RELIANCE INDUSTRIES USY72570AS69 Attractive (2023-10-30)

STUDIO CITY STUDIO CITY FIN USG85381AF13 Fair (2024-01-29)

LONGFOR PROPERTIES LONGFOR GRP XS2098539815 Expensive (2024-05-21)

MELCO RESORTS FINANCE MELCO RESORTS USG5975LAC03 Fair (2024-07-08)

PT FREEPORT INDONESIA FREEPORT ID USY7141BAB90 Attractive (2024-05-28)

PT TOWER BERSAMA INFRASTRUCTURE TBK TOWER B INFRA XS2390472624 Fair (2024-05-21)

SJM HOLDINGS CHAMPION PATH XS2289202587 Attractive (2024-07-08)

PT BANK NEGARA INDONESIA (PERSERO) TBK BK NEGARA INDONESIA XS2314514477 Fair (2024-07-08)

ALIBABA GROUP HOLDING LIMITED ALIBABA GRP US01609WAR34 Fair (2024-07-15)

TENCENT HOLDINGS LIMITED TENCENT HLDG US88032XAM65 Fair (2024-07-16)

POWER FINANCE CORPORATION POWER FINANCE XS2051369671 Fair (2024-06-10)

SHANDONG HI-SPEED GROUP COASTAL EMER XS2824215425 Attractive (2024-07-15)

Asia Pacific bonds

84

1619041_9b0ca082-8df5-4821-8e54-eb8e68ab0716.pdf



UBS CIO risk views

Credit risk flags

CIO attaches a credit risk flag to the instruments under its coverage. Credit risk is assessed based on the remaining tenor and / or
instrument type. The flag indicates the likelihood that a holder of the instrument will not receive a coupon or principal payment
when it comes due. For subordinated and hybrid instruments, which are usually callable and have a remote or no fixed maturity
date, we apply one uniform credit risk flag per issuer and instrument type. The idea is to reflect the possibility of contractual
trigger events or regulatory intervention occurring. Either can impose losses on bondholders regardless of the remaining term of
the instrument or a specific issuer default event. Credit risk flags only indicate our view of the riskiness of a particular instrument.
Credit risk flags should not be seen as recommendations to buy, hold or sell. In fact, any combination of risk flags and relative
value recommendations is possible.

Very low credit risk

We believe that the probability of debt payments not being made when they come due is very low (cumulative
probability of less than 2%).

Medium credit risk

We believe that the probability of debt payments not being made when they come due is low to medium (cumulative
probability of non-payment between 2% and less than 20%).

High credit risk

We believe that the probability of debt payments not being made when they come due is at least one in five
cumulatively.

UBS credit rating

The UBS credit rating reflects our view of the creditworthiness of a company (consistent with our risk flags) and represents a
long-term (senior) debt rating. The symbols are similar to those of rating agencies but UBS credit ratings solely reflect UBS’s
opinion, and are distinct from evaluations assigned by rating agencies. The UBS credit rating is not a recommendation to buy,
hold or sell a particular bond, nor is it reflective of market pricing and/or market sentiment. All combinations of a credit rating
and relative valuation recommendations are possible.

Issuer credit outlook

We complement the instrument-specific risk information of the credit risk flags by indicating our outlook for the credit quality
of an issuer over the next 12 months. Depending on instrument pricing, all combinations of an issuer credit outlook and relative
valuation recommendations are possible.
Improving: We expect the credit profile of the issuer to improve, to an extent that may result in upgrades by rating agencies.
Stable: We do not expect the credit profile of the issuer to change meaningfully.
Deteriorating: We expect the credit profile of the issuer to deteriorate, to an extent that may result in downgrades by rating
agencies.
Note that the credit views in this report are those of UBS Financial Services and may differ from those of other parts of UBS
regarding the same issuer.

UBS CIO valuation views

Relative value bond recommendations

Our relative value bond recommendations are based on an average investment horizon of six to 12 months. They reflect our
assessment of a bond's attractiveness relative to comparable instruments under CIO coverage. Comparable instruments typically
exhibit similar credit quality, are denominated in the same currency, and belong to the same segment of the bond market.
Views on a particular instrument can change within the six- to 12-month time frame, and those that apply to one instrument
do not necessarily apply to others of the same issuer. Views on a particular instrument may be withdrawn if it does not have a
sizeable basket of comparable instruments under CIO coverage.

Attractive Bonds seen as “attractive” are expected to generate a total return exceeding the average return of comparable
instruments. Our recommendation can stem from a positive view on the issuer’s credit profile not fully reflected in

Asia Pacific bonds

85

1619041_9b0ca082-8df5-4821-8e54-eb8e68ab0716.pdf



the price, unduly high risk premiums, our take on an instrument's call probability, the risk of coupon deferrals, and
external factors including regulatory intervention.

Fair Bonds seen as "fair" are expected to produce a total return broadly in line with the average return of comparable
instruments.

Expensive Bonds seen as "expensive" are expected to earn a total return that is less than the average return of comparable
instruments. Our recommendation can stem from a negative view on the issuer’s credit profile not fully reflected in
the price, unduly tight risk premiums, our take on an instrument's call probability, the risk of coupon deferrals, and
external factors including regulatory intervention.

Sell recommendations

Sell A Sell recommendation is assigned when the risk of an adverse outcome for an instrument exceeds what is reflected
in its current valuation. Such situations can include those in which the instrument appears likely to post negative
total returns until redemption, either due to a highly negative yield to maturity or an imminent call at a price below
market valuations.

For Credit Suisse clients

Please note that Credit Suisse channels might temporarily display a different rating terminology when referencing UBS CIO
bond recommendations.

While terminology might differ due to technical limitations, the definitions of the UBS valuation methodology apply.

UBS bond
recommendation

Credit Suisse
channels

Attractive Buy

Fair Neutral

Expensive no equivalent in
CS channels

Sell Sell

For more information about our present and past recommendations, please contact ubs-cio-wm@ubs.com.

In addition to the relative value bond recommendations, CIO provides issuer valuation views for selected issuers from developed
countries. Large, frequent issuers often provide a relatively consistent bond curve in their main issuing currencies. A general
valuation view on them provides useful guidance when constructing a bond portfolio or assessing new issues. Issuer valuation
views cannot simply be broken down to the instrument level. Any combination of our credit risk flags and issuer valuation views
is generally possible. Issuer views do not restrict CIO from having different valuation views on individual bonds.
Preferred list: Bonds of issuers on our Preferred list are generally expected to offer a more attractive relative valuation than
those of similarly rated peers.
Core list: Bonds of issuers on our Core list are generally expected to generate total returns in line with those of similarly rated
peers. Core issuers offer relatively liquid bond curves and comparatively stable credit profiles.
Avoid list: Bonds of issuers on our Avoid list are generally expected to offer a less attractive relative valuation than those of
similarly rated peers. The decision to include an issuer on the Avoid list reflects, in most cases, relative value considerations,
which can but do not have to be based on an expected deterioration in credit quality. As long as we have not issued a Sell
recommendation existing positions may be held.

For details please see "Understanding bonds: A guide to CIO's credit offering", published 16 April 2021.

Statement of Risk
Fixed income - Bond market returns are difficult to forecast because of fluctuations in the economy, investor psychology,
geopolitical conditions and other important variables. Corporate bonds are subject to a number of risks, including credit
risk, interest rate risk, liquidity risk, and event risk. Though historical default rates are low on investment-grade corporate
bonds, perceived adverse changes in the credit quality of an issuer may negatively affect the market value of securities. As
interest rates rise, the value of a fixed-coupon security will likely decline. Bonds are subject to market value fluctuations, given
changes in the level of risk-free interest rates. Not all bonds can be sold quickly or easily on the open market. Prospective
investors should consult their tax advisors concerning the federal, state, local, and non-US tax consequences of owning any
securities referenced in this report.

Appendix

Asia Pacific bonds

86

1619041_9b0ca082-8df5-4821-8e54-eb8e68ab0716.pdf



Contact
If you require information on UBS Chief Investment Office GWM, its research publications, ratings histories and UBS
disclosures with regard to financial instruments and/or issuers, please contact the mailbox ubs-cio-wm@ubs.com (note that
e-mail communication is unsecured) or contact your client advisor for assistance.
For information on the ways in which CIO manages conflicts and maintains independence of its investment views and
publication offering, and research and rating methodologies, please visit www.ubs.com/research-methodology.

Frequency of updates
Trade of the Day highlights single security investment ideas across sectors, countries, and regions. It is a security pick
from the CIO single security universe for which we currently see a good entry point to build up or reduce exposure. The
Trade of the Day is only valid as of the publication date and will not be updated to reflect changes in the underlying equity
recommendation lists or bond risk views from which the securities are drawn. To assess the validity of a recommendation
beyond the day of the publication, readers should refer to their usual UBS research sources.
Equity recommendation lists can be updated on a daily basis, and are refreshed whenever there is a material change.
Risk views on bond issuers and instruments are affirmed sporadically and changed ad hoc, subject to market
developments.

Producers, disseminators and their competent authorities
This publication has been produced and/or disseminated to you by the UBS Group entity, inclusive of former Credit Suisse
AG, its subsidiaries, affiliates, and branches, you have a banking relationship with. The full name of the producing and/or
disseminating entity and its competent authority can be found below.
UBS AG Australia Branch is supervised by the Australian Prudential Regulation Authority. UBS SuMi TRUST Wealth
Management Co., Ltd. is regulated by the Financial Services Agency (FSA). UBS AG Singapore Branch is regulated
by the Monetary Authority of Singapore (MAS). UBS Securities Co. Limited is licensed to conduct securities investment
consultancy businesses by the China Securities Regulatory Commission. UBS AG Hong Kong Branch is regulated
by the Securities and Futures Commission (Hong Kong) and the Hong Kong Monetary Authority (HKMA). UBS AG
Taipei Branch is authorized and regulated by the Financial Supervisory Commission (FSC) of the Republic of China
(Taiwan). UBS Securities India Private Limited is registered with and regulated by the Securities and Exchange Board
of India (SEBI). UBS Switzerland AG is regulated by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority (FINMA). UBS
Europe SE, Germany, is duly authorized by the European Central Bank (ECB), and supervised by the ECB, the German
Central Bank (Deutsche Bundesbank) and the German Federal Financial Services Supervisory Authority (Bundesanstalt für
Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht). UBS Europe SE, Luxembourg Branch (UBS LUX) is a branch of UBS Europe SE, a credit
institution constituted under German law, duly authorized by the German Federal Financial Services Supervisory Authority
(Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht – “BaFin”) and subject to the joint prudential supervision of BaFin, the
German Central Bank (Deutsche Bundesbank) and the European Central Bank (ECB). UBS LUX is furthermore supervised
by the Luxembourg prudential supervisory authority (Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier), in its role as host
member state authority. UBS Europe SE, Succursale Italia is subject to the joint supervision of the European Central
Bank (ECB), the German Central Bank (Deutsche Bundesbank), the German Federal Financial Services Supervisory Authority
(Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht), as well as of the Bank of Italy (Banca d’Italia) and the Italian Financial
Markets Supervisory Authority (Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa – CONSOB). UBS AG Sucursal en España
is authorized by the Banco de España. UBS Europe SE, Denmark Branch, filial af UBS Europe SE is subject to the
joint supervision of the European Central Bank (ECB), the German Central Bank (Deutsche Bundesbank), the German
Federal Financial Services Supervisory Authority (Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht), as well as of the Danish
Financial Supervisory Authority (Finanstilsynet). UBS Europe SE, Sweden Bankfilial is subject to the joint supervision of
the European Central Bank (ECB), the German Central bank (Deutsche Bundesbank), the German Federal Financial Services
Supervisory Authority (Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht), as well as of the Swedish supervisory authority
(Finansinspektionen). UBS Europe SE Succursale de France is subject to the joint supervision of the European Central
Bank, the German Central Bank (Deutsche Bundesbank), the German Federal Financial Services Supervisory Authority
(Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht), as well as of the French "Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution"
and "Autorité des marchés financiers". UBS (Monaco) S.A. operates under a banking license granted by the “Autorité de
Contrôle Prudentiel et de Résolution” (ACPR) and the Monegasque government and is also licensed by the “Commission de
Contrôle des Activités Financières” (CCAF) to provide investment services in Monaco. UBS AG London Branch is regulated
by the Prudential Regulatory Authority (PRA) and the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA). UBS AG Jersey Branch is regulated
and authorized by the Jersey Financial Services Commission for the conduct of banking, funds and investment business.
In Israel, UBS Switzerland AG is registered as Foreign Dealer in cooperation with UBS Wealth Management Israel Ltd., a
wholly owned UBS subsidiary. UBS Wealth Management Israel Ltd. is an Investment Marketing licensee which engages
in Investment Marketing and is regulated by the Israel Securities Authority. UBS AG Bahrain Branch is authorized and
regulated by the Central Bank of Bahrain. UBS AG Dubai Branch is licensed in the Dubai International Financial Centre (DIFC)
by the Dubai Financial Services Authority (DFSA) as an authorised firm. UBS Qatar LLC is authorized by the Qatar Financial
Centre Regulatory Authority. UBS Saudi Arabia is authorised and regulated by the Capital Market Authority to conduct
securities business under licence number 08113-37. UBS Brasil Administradora de Valores Mobiliários Ltda. is regulated
by Comissão de Valores Mobiliários. UBS Asesores México, S.A. de C.V. is regulated by Comisión Nacional Bancaria y de
Valores (CNBV). UBS Financial Services Inc. is registered as a broker-dealer with the Securities and Exchange Commission

Asia Pacific bonds

87

1619041_9b0ca082-8df5-4821-8e54-eb8e68ab0716.pdf

http://www.ubs.com/research-methodology


(SEC), a futures commission merchant with the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) and the National Futures
Association and is a member of various exchanges and the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA).
Credit Suisse (Brasil) S.A. Corretora de Títulos e Valores Mobiliários is supervised by the Central Bank of Brazil and the
Brazilian Securities Commission (CVM). Credit Suisse (Luxembourg) S.A. Succursale en France is subject to the prudential
supervision of the Luxembourg supervisory authority, the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (CSSF), and of the
French supervisory authority, the Autorité de Contrôle Prudentiel et de Résolution (ACPR) and of the Autorité des Marchés
Financiers. Credit Suisse (Italy) S.p.A. is subject to the supervision and control of Banca d’Italia and CONSOB. Credit
Suisse Securities (Japan) Limited is supervised by the Financial Services Agency (FSA). Credit Suisse (Luxembourg)
S.A. is subject to the prudential supervision of the Luxembourg supervisory authority, the Commission de Surveillance du
Secteur Financier (CSSF). C. Suisse Asesoría México, S.A. de C.V. is subject to the supervision of the National Banking and
Securities Commission. Credit Suisse (Luxembourg) S.A. Sucursal em Portugal is subject to the prudential supervision of
the Luxembourg supervisory authority, the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (CSSF), and of the Portuguese
supervisory authority, the Comissão do Mercado dos Valores Mobiliários (CMVM). Credit Suisse (Qatar) L.L.C. is duly
authorized and regulated by the Qatar Financial Centre Regulatory Authority (QFCRA). Credit Suisse Saudi Arabia is duly
licensed and regulated by the Saudi Arabian Capital Market Authority. Credit Suisse (UK) Limited is registered as a financial
services provider with the Financial Sector Conduct Authority in South Africa. Credit Suisse Istanbul Menkul Degerler
Anonim Sirketi is regulated by the Capital Markets Board of Turkey. Credit Suisse (UK) Limited is authorized by the
Prudential Regulation Authority and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority and the Prudential Regulation Authority.

Company/Country Disclosures   (26 July 2024)

Within the past 12 months UBS AG, its affiliates or subsidiaries may have received or provided investment services and
activities or ancillary services as per MiFID II which may have given rise to a payment or promise of a payment in relation to
these services from or to each company mentioned in the publication.

Adani Transmission Ltd 4, AIA Group 7, 8, 9, Airport Authority 3, 4, 5, Alibaba Group 2, 5, 8, 16, Axis Bank Ltd.
7, Ayala Corp. 4, 5, 6, 13, 14, 15, Baidu, Inc. 2, 7, 8, Bangkok Bank PCL 7, Bank Mandiri 7, Bank of China Ltd
1, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 12, 18, Bank of Communications Co Ltd 1, 7, Bank of East Asia 7, 9, 12, Cathay Pacific
Airways Limited 8, 11, Champion Real Estate Investment Trust 5, 6, China Cinda 2020 3, 4, 5, China Cinda Asset
Management Co Ltd 3, 4, 5, China CITIC Financial Asset Management Co Ltd 7, China Construction Bank Corp 1,
7, 8, China Development Bank 7, China General Nuclear Power Corp 17, China Merchants Ports Holdings 7, China
National Offshore Oil Corporation 1, 7, 8, 17, CHINA ORIENT ASSET MANAGEMENT 3, 4, China Overseas Land
& Investment 8, China Resources Land Ltd 4, 8, China Taiping Insurance Holding Co Ltd 7, 8, China Vanke -A- 1,
CITIC Bank International Ltd 7, CK Hutchison Holdings Ltd 8, CMB Wing Lung Bank 7, 9, 12, Dah Sing Bank 7, 9, 12,
DBS Group Holdings Ltd 4, 7, 9, 12, Export-Import Bank of Korea 3, 4, 7, FAR EAST CONSORTIUM 7, Greentown
China Holdings Ltd 4, Hana Bank 4, 7, HDFC Bank 2, 7, Henderson Land 8, Hutchison Port Holdings Trust 11, Hysan
Development 4, 5, Hyundai Capital Services 4, ICICI Bank Ltd 2, 7, Industrial & Commercial Bank of China Ltd 1,
4, 7, 8, 18, Joy Treasure Assets (China Oriental Asset Management) 3, 4, Kasikornbank Public Company Limited
4, 7, Kookmin Bank 7, Korea Development Bank 4, 5, 6, 7, 9, Korea Electric Power Corp 2, 3, 4, 5, Korea Gas 4, 5,
6, Korea Hydro & Nuclear Power Co Ltd 3, 5, Korea National Oil 3, 4, 5, 19, Krung Thai Bank 7, Lenovo Group Ltd
4, 5, 8, Link REIT 8, Meituan Dianping 4, 7, 8, Mirae Asset Securities 7, 9, 12, Nanyang Commercial Bank 7, New
World Development Co Ltd 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, NWD Finance BVI Ltd 4, NWS Holdings Ltd 4, Oversea-Chinese Banking
Corp Ltd 4, 5, 7, 9, 12, Sands China 8, San Miguel Corp 4, 7, 20, Shandong Hi-Speed Group 11, Shinhan Bank 7,
SJM Holdings 8, SK Hynix 7, 16, State Bank of India 7, 9, Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing 2, 10, Tata Motors 7,
Tenaga Nasional Bhd 7, Tencent Holdings 4, 8, United Overseas Bank Ltd 4, 7, 9, 12, 21; Weibo Corp 1, 2, 7, Woori
Bank 7, Wynn Macau Ltd 8,

1. Market capitalisation is calculated by multiplying the current share price by the sum of A and H shares.
2. UBS Securities LLC makes a market in the securities and/or ADRs of this company.
3. UBS has acted as manager/co-manager in the underwriting or placement of securities of this company/entity or one of
its affiliates within the past 12 months.
4. Within the past 12 months, UBS has received compensation for investment banking services from this company/entity
or one of its affiliates.
5. UBS expects to receive or intend to seek compensation for investment banking services from this company/entity within
the next three months.
6. UBS is acting as manager/co-manager, underwriter, placement or sales agent in regard to an offering of securities of this
company/entity or one of its affiliates.
7. Within the past 12 months, UBS has received compensation for products and services other than investment banking
services from this company/entity.
8. UBS Securities Hong Kong Limited is a market maker in the Hong Kong-listed securities of this company.
9. This company/entity is, or within the past 12 months has been, a client of UBS Securities LLC, and non-investment banking
securities-related services are being, or have been, provided.

Asia Pacific bonds

88

1619041_9b0ca082-8df5-4821-8e54-eb8e68ab0716.pdf



10. The equity analyst covering this company, a member of his or her team, or one of their household members has a long
rights position in this company.
11. UBS beneficially owned 1% or more of a class of this company's common equity securities as of last month's end (or
the prior month's end if this report is dated less than 10 days after the most recent month's end).
12. This company/entity is, or within the past 12 months has been, a client of UBS Securities LLC, and non-securities services
are being, or have been, provided.
13. UBS is acting as a financial advisor to Globe Telecom, Inc. (principal shareholders are Singtel Telecommunications Ltd and
Ayala Corp) on the sale and leaseback of a portfolio of telecom towers to MIESCOR Infrastructure Development Corporation
and Frontier Tower Associates Philippines, Inc.
14. UBS is acting as financial adviser to Globe Telecom, Inc. (principal shareholders are Singapore Telecommunications Ltd
and Ayala Corporation) on the sale of a portfolio of telecom towers to Phil-Tower Consortium Inc.
15. UBS is acting as financial adviser to Globe Telecom, Inc. (principal shareholders are Singapore Telecommunications Ltd
and Ayala Corporation) on the sale of a portfolio of telecom towers to Unity Digital Infrastructure.
16. The equity analyst covering this company, a member of his or her team, or one of their household members has a long
common stock position in this company.
17. US persons are prohibited from purchasing or selling securities of certain companies designated as being associated with
the Chinese Military in accordance with the amended US Presidential Executive Order 13959.
18. An employee of UBS is an officer, director, or advisory board member of this company.
19. UBS AG London Branch is acting as manager/co-manager, underwriter, placement or sales agent in regard to an offering
of securities of this company/entity or one of its affiliates.
20. UBS is acting as financial advisor to Meralco PowerGen Corporation & Aboitiz Power Corporation on their investment
in an integrated liquefied natural gas facility in Batangas.
21. UBS AG, Australia Branch or an affiliate expect to receive or intend to seek compensation for investment banking services
from this company/entity within the next three months.

Statement of Risk
Fixed income - Bond market returns are difficult to forecast because of fluctuations in the economy, investor psychology,
geopolitical conditions and other important variables. Corporate bonds are subject to a number of risks, including credit
risk, interest rate risk, liquidity risk, and event risk. Though historical default rates are low on investment-grade corporate
bonds, perceived adverse changes in the credit quality of an issuer may negatively affect the market value of securities. As
interest rates rise, the value of a fixed-coupon security will likely decline. Bonds are subject to market value fluctuations, given
changes in the level of risk-free interest rates. Not all bonds can be sold quickly or easily on the open market. Prospective
investors should consult their tax advisors concerning the federal, state, local, and non-US tax consequences of owning any
securities referenced in this report.

Asia Pacific bonds

89

1619041_9b0ca082-8df5-4821-8e54-eb8e68ab0716.pdf



Disclaimer

UBS Chief Investment Office's ("CIO") investment views are prepared and published by the Global Wealth Management business of UBS
Switzerland AG (regulated by FINMA in Switzerland) or its affiliates ("UBS"), part of UBS Group AG ("UBS Group"). UBS Group includes
former Credit Suisse AG, its subsidiaries, branches and affiliates. Additional disclaimer relevant to Credit Suisse Wealth Management
follows at the end of this section.
The investment views have been prepared in accordance with legal requirements designed to promote the independence of
investment research.
Instrument/issuer-specific investment research – Risk information:
This publication is for your information only and is not intended as an offer, or a solicitation of an offer, to buy or sell any investment or
other specific product. The analysis contained herein does not constitute a personal recommendation or take into account the particular
investment objectives, investment strategies, financial situation and needs of any specific recipient. It is based on numerous assumptions.
Different assumptions could result in materially different results. Certain services and products are subject to legal restrictions and cannot
be offered worldwide on an unrestricted basis and/or may not be eligible for sale to all investors. All information and opinions expressed
in this document were obtained from sources believed to be reliable and in good faith, but no representation or warranty, express or
implied, is made as to its accuracy or completeness (other than disclosures relating to UBS). All information and opinions as well as any
forecasts, estimates and market prices indicated are current as of the date of this report, and are subject to change without notice.
This publication is not intended to be a complete statement or summary of the securities, markets or developments referred to in the
report. Opinions expressed herein may differ or be contrary to those expressed by other business areas or divisions of UBS as a result
of using different assumptions and/or criteria.
In no circumstances may this document or any of the information (including any forecast, value, index or other calculated amount
("Values")) be used for any of the following purposes (i) valuation or accounting purposes; (ii) to determine the amounts due or payable,
the price or the value of any financial instrument or financial contract; or (iii) to measure the performance of any financial instrument
including, without limitation, for the purpose of tracking the return or performance of any Value or of defining the asset allocation
of portfolio or of computing performance fees. By receiving this document and the information you will be deemed to represent and
warrant to UBS that you will not use this document or otherwise rely on any of the information for any of the above purposes. UBS and
any of its directors or employees may be entitled at any time to hold long or short positions in investment instruments referred to herein,
carry out transactions involving relevant investment instruments in the capacity of principal or agent, or provide any other services or
have officers, who serve as directors, either to/for the issuer, the investment instrument itself or to/for any company commercially or
financially affiliated to such issuers. At any time, investment decisions (including whether to buy, sell or hold securities) made by UBS
and its employees may differ from or be contrary to the opinions expressed in UBS research publications. Some investments may not
be readily realizable since the market in the securities is illiquid and therefore valuing the investment and identifying the risk to which
you are exposed may be difficult to quantify. UBS relies on information barriers to control the flow of information contained in one or
more areas within UBS, into other areas, units, divisions or affiliates of UBS. Futures and options trading is not suitable for every investor
as there is a substantial risk of loss, and losses in excess of an initial investment may occur. Past performance of an investment is no
guarantee for its future performance. Additional information will be made available upon request. Some investments may be subject to
sudden and large falls in value and on realization you may receive back less than you invested or may be required to pay more. Changes
in foreign exchange rates may have an adverse effect on the price, value or income of an investment. The analyst(s) responsible for
the preparation of this report may interact with trading desk personnel, sales personnel and other constituencies for the purpose of
gathering, synthesizing and interpreting market information.
Different areas, groups, and personnel within UBS Group may produce and distribute separate research products independently of
each other. For example, research publications from CIO are produced by UBS Global Wealth Management. UBS Global Research
is produced by UBS Investment Bank. Research methodologies and rating systems of each separate research organization
may differ, for example, in terms of investment recommendations, investment horizon, model assumptions, and valuation methods.
As a consequence, except for certain economic forecasts (for which UBS CIO and UBS Global Research may collaborate), investment
recommendations, ratings, price targets, and valuations provided by each of the separate research organizations may be different, or
inconsistent. You should refer to each relevant research product for the details as to their methodologies and rating system. Not all
clients may have access to all products from every organization. Each research product is subject to the policies and procedures of the
organization that produces it.
The compensation of the analyst(s) who prepared this report is determined exclusively by research management and senior management
(not including investment banking). Analyst compensation is not based on investment banking, sales and trading or principal trading
revenues, however, compensation may relate to the revenues of UBS Group as a whole, of which investment banking, sales and trading
and principal trading are a part.
Tax treatment depends on the individual circumstances and may be subject to change in the future. UBS does not provide legal or tax
advice and makes no representations as to the tax treatment of assets or the investment returns thereon both in general or with reference
to specific client's circumstances and needs. We are of necessity unable to take into account the particular investment objectives,
financial situation and needs of our individual clients and we would recommend that you take financial and/or tax advice as to the
implications (including tax) of investing in any of the products mentioned herein.
This material may not be reproduced or copies circulated without prior authority of UBS. Unless otherwise agreed in writing UBS expressly
prohibits the distribution and transfer of this material to third parties for any reason. UBS accepts no liability whatsoever for any claims
or lawsuits from any third parties arising from the use or distribution of this material. This report is for distribution only under such
circumstances as may be permitted by applicable law. For information on the ways in which CIO manages conflicts and maintains
independence of its investment views and publication offering, and research and rating methodologies, please visit www.ubs.com/

Asia Pacific bonds

90

1619041_9b0ca082-8df5-4821-8e54-eb8e68ab0716.pdf

http://www.ubs.com/research-methodology


Disclaimer
research-methodology. Additional information on the relevant authors of this publication and other CIO publication(s) referenced in
this report; and copies of any past reports on this topic; are available upon request from your client advisor.
Options and futures are not suitable for all investors, and trading in these instruments is considered risky and may be appropriate only
for sophisticated investors. Prior to buying or selling an option, and for the complete risks relating to options, you must receive a copy
of "Characteristics and Risks of Standardized Options". You may read the document at https://www.theocc.com/about/publications/
character-risks.jsp or ask your financial advisor for a copy.
Investing in structured investments involves significant risks. For a detailed discussion of the risks involved in investing in any particular
structured investment, you must read the relevant offering materials for that investment. Structured investments are unsecured
obligations of a particular issuer with returns linked to the performance of an underlying asset. Depending on the terms of the
investment, investors could lose all or a substantial portion of their investment based on the performance of the underlying asset.
Investors could also lose their entire investment if the issuer becomes insolvent. UBS does not guarantee in any way the obligations
or the financial condition of any issuer or the accuracy of any financial information provided by any issuer. Structured investments
are not traditional investments and investing in a structured investment is not equivalent to investing directly in the underlying asset.
Structured investments may have limited or no liquidity, and investors should be prepared to hold their investment to maturity. The
return of structured investments may be limited by a maximum gain, participation rate or other feature. Structured investments may
include call features and, if a structured investment is called early, investors would not earn any further return and may not be able
to reinvest in similar investments with similar terms. Structured investments include costs and fees which are generally embedded in
the price of the investment. The tax treatment of a structured investment may be complex and may differ from a direct investment in
the underlying asset. UBS and its employees do not provide tax advice. Investors should consult their own tax advisor about their own
tax situation before investing in any securities.
Important Information About Sustainable Investing Strategies: Sustainable investing strategies aim to consider and incorporate
environmental, social and governance (ESG) factors into investment process and portfolio construction. Strategies across geographies
approach ESG analysis and incorporate the findings in a variety of ways. Incorporating ESG factors or Sustainable Investing considerations
may inhibit UBS’s ability to participate in or to advise on certain investment opportunities that otherwise would be consistent with the
Client’s investment objectives. The returns on a portfolio incorporating ESG factors or Sustainable Investing considerations may be lower
or higher than portfolios where ESG factors, exclusions, or other sustainability issues are not considered by UBS, and the investment
opportunities available to such portfolios may differ.
External Asset Managers / External Financial Consultants: In case this research or publication is provided to an External Asset
Manager or an External Financial Consultant, UBS expressly prohibits that it is redistributed by the External Asset Manager or the External
Financial Consultant and is made available to their clients and/or third parties.
USA: This document is not intended for distribution into the US and / or to US persons.
For country information, please visit ubs.com/cio-country-disclaimer-sr or ask your client advisor for the full disclaimer.
Additional Disclaimer relevant to Credit Suisse Wealth Management
You receive this document in your capacity as a client of Credit Suisse Wealth Management. Your personal data will be processed
in accordance with the Credit Suisse privacy statement accessible at your domicile through the official Credit Suisse website https://
www.credit-suisse.com. In order to provide you with marketing materials concerning our products and services, UBS Group AG and
its subsidiaries may process your basic personal data (i.e. contact details such as name, e-mail address) until you notify us that you no
longer wish to receive them. You can optout from receiving these materials at any time by informing your Relationship Manager.
Except as otherwise specified herein and/or depending on the local Credit Suisse entity from which you are receiving this report, this
report is distributed by UBS Switzerland AG, authorised and regulated by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority (FINMA).
Version B/2024. CIO82652744
© UBS 2024. The key symbol and UBS are among the registered and unregistered trademarks of UBS. All rights reserved.

Asia Pacific bonds

91

1619041_9b0ca082-8df5-4821-8e54-eb8e68ab0716.pdf

http://www.ubs.com/research-methodology
https://www.theocc.com/about/publications/character-risks.jsp
https://www.theocc.com/about/publications/character-risks.jsp
https://www.ubs.com/global/en/wealth-management/chief-investment-office/country-disclaimer-sr.html
https://www.credit-suisse.com/
https://www.credit-suisse.com/

