
For UBS Marketing purposes

Sustainable investing incorporates environmental, social, and governance considerations, in addition to traditional financial criteria. Investors can get
exposure to selected companies via our Participation Certificate.

Participation Certificate on CIO
Sustainable investing EPL
28 March 2025, 16:11 UTC, written by Federica Cinitiempo

Sustainable investment themes become more and more popular. Not only with respect to a change of investor
mindset, but also when it comes to risk/return profiles. If you would like to follow UBS Chief Investment Office
(CIO) on its sustainable investment research, you can now invest in the Participation Certificate linked to the
"Sustainable investing, global leaders" Equity Preference List (EPL).

Sustainable investing (SI) incorporates environmental, social, and governance (ESG) considerations, in addition to
traditional financial criteria, in an investment decision. Integrating sustainability criteria into security selection helps in
better identifying the opportunities and risks relevant for companies.

Our CIO selected therefore a basket of stocks which you can find in the "Sustainable investing, global leaders" Equity
Preference List (EPL). We have created a Participation Certificate which aims to replicate that list’s performance:
• The most important benefit of the Participation Certificate is that it offers efficient and easy access to a careful

selection of stocks in the "Sustainable Investing" investment theme (equally weighted components).

• The Participation Certificate dynamically adjusts via rebalancing when our CIO adjusts its EPL, ensuring alignment
with our CIO’s latest views and its assessment of the changes in the market.

• The most important features of the product include 100% participation in the performance of the underlying EPL, a
tenor of 7 years (with the possibility to extend at the discretion of UBS), and its availability in the secondary market in
USD (CH0547923885).



For UBS Marketing purposes

Most important risks of the Participation Certificate
• Investors may lose a significant part or all of your capital invested, no capital protection

• The potential early redemption of the Participation Certificate may expose you to reinvestment risk

• Investors are fully exposed to the default risk of the Issuer. In the worst case a default of the Issuer can lead to a loss
of the entire invested capital

For more information about the product and exemplary scenarios analysis, click on our SP Finder* page.

The above information is for marketing purposes and should not be considered as personal investment advice.

I look forward to discussing this interesting investment opportunity with you in more detail.

Important Information

This material has been prepared and issued by UBS AG and/or any of its affiliates ("UBS", "our", "we" and "us"). The securities, derivatives or other financial instruments

described herein ("Instruments") may not be eligible for sale in all jurisdictions or to certain categories of investors. This material is for distribution only under such circumstances

as may be permitted by applicable law, rules and/or regulations. All communications between you and us may be monitored.

Please click here and read the important information carefully and thoroughly.

This summary was finalized on 18-June-2025 by Global Markets Solutions team, a unit of UBS Switzerland AG, regulated by FINMA in Switzerland, and disseminated by the

same Global Market Solutions team for the first time on 18-June-2025.

* This marketing material describes generic product structures only. It can deviate from the specific product features described in this article. It is designed to give you a

better understanding of how the product works in general.

Disclaimer
This document is prepared and published by the Global Wealth Management business of UBS Switzerland AG (regulated by
FINMA in Switzerland), its subsidiaries or its affiliates ("UBS"), part of UBS Group AG ("UBS Group"). UBS Group includes former
Credit Suisse AG, its subsidiaries, branches and affiliates. In the USA, UBS Financial Services Inc. is a subsidiary of UBS AG and a
member of FINRA/SIPC. Additional Disclaimer relevant to Credit Suisse Wealth Management follows at the end of this section.
This document and the information contained herein are provided solely for your information and UBS marketing
purposes. Nothing in this document constitutes investment research, investment advice, a sales prospectus, or an offer or
solicitation to engage in any investment activities. This document is not a recommendation to buy or sell any security, investment
instrument, or product, and does not recommend any specific investment program or service.
Information contained in this document has not been tailored to the specific investment objectives, personal and financial
circumstances, or particular needs of any individual client. Certain investments referred to in this document may not be suitable
or appropriate for all investors. In addition, certain services and products referred to in the document may be subject to legal
restrictions and/or license or permission requirements and cannot therefore be offered worldwide on an unrestricted basis. No
offer of any product will be made in any jurisdiction in which the offer, solicitation, or sale is not permitted, or to any person
to whom it is unlawful to make such offer, solicitation, or sale.
Although all information and opinions expressed in this document were obtained in good faith from sources believed to be
reliable, no representation or warranty, express or implied, is made as to the document’s accuracy, sufficiency, completeness or
reliability. All information and opinions expressed in this document are subject to change without notice and may differ from
opinions expressed by other business areas or divisions of UBS Group. UBS is under no obligation to update or keep current the
information contained herein. The views and opinions expressed in this material by third parties are not those of UBS.
Accordingly, UBS does not accept any liability over the content shared by third parties or any claims, losses or damages arising
from the use or reliance of all or any part thereof.
All pictures or images ("images") herein are for illustrative, informative or documentary purposes only and may depict objects or
elements which are protected by third party copyright, trademarks and other intellectual property rights. Unless expressly stated,
no relationship, association, sponsorship or endorsement is suggested or implied between UBS and these third parties.

https://microsites.ubs.com/spfinder/en/products-detail/participation-certificate.html
https://secure.ubs.com//content/dam/assets/ib/global/structured-products-investor-trading-ideas/disclaimers/SP_Disclaimers_Professional.pdf?pdf


For UBS Marketing purposes

Any charts and scenarios contained in the document are for illustrative purposes only. Some charts and/or performance figures
may not be based on complete 12-month periods which may reduce their comparability and significance. Historical performance
is no guarantee for, and is not an indication of future performance.
Nothing in this document constitutes legal or tax advice. UBS and its employees do not provide legal or tax advice. This document
may not be redistributed or reproduced in whole or in part without the prior written permission of UBS. To the extent permitted
by the law, neither UBS, nor any of it its directors, officers, employees or agents accepts or assumes any liability, responsibility or
duty of care for any consequences, including any loss or damage, of you or anyone else acting, or refraining to act, in reliance
on the information contained in this document or for any decision based on it.
Additional Disclaimer relevant to Credit Suisse Wealth Management: Except as otherwise specified herein and/or
depending on the local entity from which you are receiving this document, this document is distributed by UBS Switzerland AG,
authorised and regulated by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority (FINMA). Your personal data will be processed
in accordance with the Credit Suisse privacy statement accessible at your domicile through the official Credit Suisse website
https://www.credit-suisse.com. In order to provide you with marketing materials concerning our products and services, UBS
Group AG and its subsidiaries may process your basic personal data (i.e. contact details such as name, e-mail address) until you
notify us that you no longer wish to receive them. You can optout from receiving these materials at any time by informing your
Relationship Manager.
Please visit https://www.ubs.com/global/en/wealth-management/insights/chief-investment-office/marketing-material-
disclaimer.html to read the full legal disclaimer applicable to this document.
© UBS 2025. The key symbol and UBS are among the registered and unregistered trademarks of UBS. All rights reserved.

https://www.credit-suisse.com/
https://www.ubs.com/global/en/wealth-management/insights/chief-investment-office/marketing-material-disclaimer.html
https://www.ubs.com/global/en/wealth-management/insights/chief-investment-office/marketing-material-disclaimer.html

	Important Disclosures

