
26 November 2024, 10:27 GMT
Chief Investment Office GWM
Investment Research

Power and resources
Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Power and resources
 
 Authors: Ulrike Hoffmann-Burchardi, Head CIO Global Equities, UBS Financial Services Inc. (UBS FS); Alexander Stiehler, CFA, CIO Head of Longer Term
Investment Themes, UBS Switzerland AG; James Dobson, CFA, CIO Equity Strategist, US Energy & Utilities, UBS Financial Services Inc. (UBS FS); Carsten
Schlufter, CIO Equity Sector Strategist, UBS Switzerland AG; Carl Berrisford, Analyst, UBS AG Hong Kong Branch; Nikolaos Fostieris, Strategist, UBS
Switzerland AG; Rudolf Leemann, CIO Equity Sector Strategist, UBS Switzerland AG; Wayne Gordon, Strategist, UBS AG Singapore Branch; Stephanie
Choi, CIO Sustainable and Impact Investing Strategist, UBS AG Hong Kong Branch

• The UBS Chief Investment Office believes there
are three transformational innovation opportunities
(TRIOs) that will drive equity markets in the coming
decade: Artificial intelligence, Power and resources,
and Longevity.

• Power and resources focuses on opportunities
related to power infrastructure and industrial
technology—parts of the value chain that are
essential to facilitate the energy transition, develop
AI, expand energy infrastructure, and satisfy rising
electricity demand. We see the best investment
prospects at present in the electrification value
chain, which is supported by growth in electricity
demand, data center capex, and vital investment in
aging power grids.

• We forecast around USD 3.0tr in combined annual
investment by the end of the decade in power
generation, energy storage, grid infrastructure,
data centers, and transportation and industry. For
our stock picks, investors should see our new
"Power and resources" Equity Preference List, which
highlights companies we believe are best positioned
to capitalize on the aforementioned tailwinds.

Source: Shutterstock

Nathaniel Gabriel, CFA, CIO Equity Strategist, Materials &
Industrials, contributed to this report prior to his leave.

 
CIO recently introduced its Global Equity Framework,
which utilizes a combination of three principal perspectives
to identify investment opportunities: macroeconomic,
structural, and company-specific. The structural element
enhances the traditional equity research process by focusing
on what we call transformational innovation opportunities
(TRIOs)—three trends we expect to have an outsized
influence on equity markets in the coming years. These
include Artificial intelligence, Power and resources, and
Longevity.

Power and resources represents various sectors and themes
enabled by an evolution of industrial technology. Our long-
term investment ideas highlight a series of opportunities
within those themes that could help companies increase
revenues at higher-than-GDP growth rates and are buoyed
by the interplay of technological advancement and resource
scarcity. This includes opportunities ranging from the energy
transition (in which BloombergNEF estimates USD 1.8tr was
invested in 2023), such as lower-carbon technology, to
critical materials and providers of efficiencies in resource
consumption.

This report has been prepared by UBS Financial Services Inc. (UBS FS), UBS Switzerland AG, UBS AG Hong Kong Branch,
UBS AG Singapore Branch. Please see important disclaimers and disclosures at the end of the document.



Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Power and resources

For the Power and resources theme, we see the biggest
opportunity today in electrification. A confluence of
environmental, technological, and regulatory forces is
driving a global shift toward electricity. Specifically, electricity
use is set to grow amid burgeoning demand from AI data
centers, the building of megaprojects, and the electrification
of heating, industry, and transport. This segment should
also benefit from a grid infrastructure upgrade cycle, the
increased cost competitiveness of renewable power, global
decarbonization goals, and supportive legislative measures.

Our ten predictions about Power and resources
1. The accelerating electrification of our economy,

transportation, industries, and households (or in other
words: the energy transition) will require an enormous
amount of investment—we project USD 3.0tr
in annual spending by 2030—and offer attractive
investment opportunities.

2. Electricity consumption is set to accelerate, driven
by new technologies such as artificial intelligence,
data centers, and the crypto sector in many regions,
particularly in the developed world.

3. Electricity consumption should also rise amid
increased electrification of transport (e.g., electric
vehicles), heating (e.g., heat pumps), and across
industries and households.

4. Renewable technologies (especially solar and wind
energy) will likely continue to grow rapidly and play a
central role in the global power generation mix of the
future, leading to a rising share of the global electricity
mix.

5. While traditional large natural gas power plants
should continue to play a major role regionally,
the power generation mix of the future will
employ smaller power plants, requiring more electrical
equipment.

6. Transmission (high voltage) and distribution
(medium voltage) will experience one of the highest
growth rates in electricity grid investments in the
coming years.

7. Electrical equipment, such as substations, switchgear,
transformers, and circuit breakers, will drive a
significant increase in investment to meet rising
electricity demand.

8. Innovations in nuclear technology (e.g., small nuclear
reactors, nuclear fusion) and emerging technologies
(e.g., batteries and hydrogen) will play an important
role in the energy mix of the future.

9. Demand for natural resources (copper, aluminum,
etc.) will increase, requiring the identification and
commercialization of new supplies.

10.Electrification should increase efficiency, reduce
pollution, and lower carbon emissions. It should also
increase the standard of living globally, particularly in
emerging markets.

The electricity system explained

Value chain
To identify the most prominent opportunities, we find it
useful to follow electricity along its path from generation
to consumption. Figure 1 illustrates the electrification value
chain, where electric power flows from generation facilities
through transmission and distribution grids before it is
consumed in various applications.

Figure 1 - The electrification value chain

Source: UBS
Note: See Figure 17 in the appendix for a broader view of the value chain

Raw materials
The entire value chain begins with the essential raw
materials required for electricity generation (coal, natural
gas, uranium, etc.) and the materials needed for
electrification (copper, aluminum, lithium, etc.).

Generation
The second step in the value chain involves power
generation plants, which capture the energy of their fuel
and transform it into electricity, with technology varying
by energy source. Thermal power stations utilize the
thermal energy released by the combustion of fossil fuels,
biomass, or hydrogen. Nuclear plants harness the kinetic,
thermal, and radiation energy produced by the splitting
of large atomic nuclei. Hydroelectric plants and wind
turbines convert the mechanical energy of water and wind,
respectively, while solar panels absorb radiation from the
sun. Table 1 shows the contribution to global electricity
generation of the leading power sources, along with their
emissions impact.

2



Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Power and resources

Table 1 - Characteristics of the main power
production technologies

Source: Statistical Review of World Energy 2024, IPCC AR5 Annex III
(2014), IEA (https://www.iea.org/statistics, all rights reserved), UBS, Nov
2024.
Note: Emission figures represent median lifecycle emissions, incl. albedo effect. RES =
renewable energy source. STEPS: Stated Policies Scenario used by the International Energy
Agency. CO2e = Carbon Dioxide Equivalent.

Transmission and distribution
After electricity is generated, the transmission and
distribution networks come into play. These consist of
power lines that move electricity from production facilities
to consumers. The transmission grid involves the long-
distance transfer of electricity from power plants to local
substations via overhead and underground power lines.
Subsequently, the distribution network connects the local
substation to individual consumers. Various voltage levels
are employed throughout the process to minimize power
losses, with transformers adjusting the voltage at each step.
Along the path of power delivery, electrical equipment
—such as switchgear, circuit breakers, and capacitors—
facilitate energy transfer, stabilize the network, and prevent
outages.

Consumption
In the final stage, electricity is consumed in buildings,
transportation, or industrial applications (see Figure 2 for
the global consumption split). Notably, heating, ventilation,
and air-conditioning (HVAC) constitutes one of the most
electricity-intensive applications, spurring demand across
the residential, commercial, and industrial categories (EIA
Annual Energy Outlook 2023, US MECS 2018). In recent
years, an increasingly important driver of power demand
has been AI data centers, which, according to EPRI, already
represent around 4% of total US electricity consumption (up
over 50% since 2020) and around 3% in Europe.

Figure 2 - Global electricity consumption, split by
segment
In TWh. Future consumption according to the IEA Announced Pledges
Scenario (APS)

Source: IEA World Energy Outlook (2024), https://www.iea.org/statistics.
All rights reserved. UBS

Electricity market and energy storage
While the transmission grid allows producers and consumers
to be geographically independent, its proper function
requires that power produced and consumed are equal at
all times so voltage and frequency remain stable. Therefore,
from a grid perspective (i.e., without accounting for
environmental impact), large fossil fuel and nuclear plants
with predictable generation profiles have an advantage over
renewable energy sources, as they have limited dependence
on prevailing weather and can avoid intraday deviations in
grid frequency.

Energy storage is one method to reduce this volatility and
avoid destabilization of the grid. Energy is stored during
times of excess production and discharged when production
alone is insufficient. Electricity can be stored using various
technologies, though there are trade-offs among cost,
energy density, storage duration, and response time. As
Figure 3 shows, the market is dominated by pumped
hydro, which is already effectively used to balance the
grid, and battery storage. With the latter’s total installed
capacity almost doubling in 2023, future improvements in
their technology, along with their utilization in combination
with smart meters, could provide an additional reliable
method for grid stabilization. While the scale of energy
storage is quite small relative to overall energy infrastructure
today, these solutions will be needed to accommodate
intermittency, presenting a long-term opportunity.

3



Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Power and resources

Figure 3 - Global installed storage capacity
In %

Source: IEA - Batteries and Secure Energy Transitions (2024). https://
www.iea.org/statistics. All rights reserved. UBS

By 2030, we project total annual spending globally of
USD 3.0tr, up from USD 2.0tr in 2023, spanning power
generation, energy storage, power grids, and end-use
consumption. Table 2 depicts the composition of the
investments in each step of the value chain. In our "Power
and resources" Equity Preference List (EPL), we identify
companies with strong fundamentals along the value chain
that we believe are well-positioned to benefit from this
increase in investment. Our stock picks fall primarily on the
electrical equipment, utility, raw material, and grid services
categories.

We expect higher electricity demand to drive investments
across the entire value chain. However, as shown in Table 2,
the highest growth within the larger segments is projected
in transmission and distribution, data centers, transport,
and, from a low base, energy storage. These have higher
growth rates than those for the power generation segment
for several reasons:
• Replacement capital expenditures (capex) should be

a significant driver in developed markets. Until a
few years ago, there was a decade of underinvestment
in the grid. Consequently, developed markets have
pending grid upgrades, and we expect replacement
capex to be a key driver moving forward. In the US,
for instance, replacing old infrastructure will likely be

equally important as expansion capex and investment
in grid hardening and resilience, all accounting on
average for around 30% of grid capex, according
to Edison Electric Institute (e.g., 33% of transmission
spending is replacement capex and 28% of distribution
spending). Grid hardening and resilience are, for
instance, investments in equipment that operates in
extreme heat or underground distribution lines. The
remaining spending is related to advanced technology,
including management systems (e.g., sensors, energy
software, real-time system management) to better
balance electricity supply and demand, and the rest to
others (not specified) (source: EEI Financial Analysis and
Business Analytics 2023 surveys).

• New build in emerging markets (EM). In emerging
markets, the grid is relatively young, with approximately
40% being less than ten years old (source: IEA Electricity
Grids and Secure Energy Transitions based on Global
Transmission Report (2023)). In these regions, grid
buildout will likely be the most important driver in the
coming decades.

• The nature of generation is changing. The share of
renewable energy is growing worldwide, while smaller
electricity generation plants will likely lead to more
investments in new electrification equipment, upgrades
to the existing grid, and storage infrastructure.

• The way electricity is consumed is also changing.
The growth in large AI data centers and electric vehicle
(EV) charging hubs will require more medium-voltage
equipment, a segment we particularly favor and expect
to see high single-digit growth in the coming years.

• The renovation market drives electrification
demand in buildings. For the low-voltage market
(consumer consumption), we see less growth compared
to transmission and distribution, but it remains an
attractive segment. The low-voltage market relies on
the more cyclical new-build market, which grows in
tandem with GDP over the long term, and the renovation
sector, where we anticipate acceleration and increased
investments in electrification equipment.

In summary, due to a combination of underinvestment
and changes in the nature of electricity generation and
consumption, we see several factors that will drive faster
growth in electrification equipment than in generation.

As shown in Table 2—excluding data center equipment—
UBS estimates that total annual spending will reach USD
3.0tr by 2030. In comparison, the IEA projects investments in
the same segments to exceed USD 4tr, while IRENA forecasts
that investments in the renewable power generation market
alone will reach USD 1.5tr by the end of the decade. While

4



Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Power and resources

the primary drivers of these requirements are similar, the
significant gap between the figures is noteworthy. The main
difference in the projections arises from the perspective
under which they are calculated. The estimates from these
agencies serve more as progress tracking toward achieving
decarbonization and energy transition goals, rather than as
realistic market forecasts. They are based on the necessary
spending to align with global targets set at COP28 to
achieve the "Net Zero Emissions by 2050 Scenario," which
aims to limit the global temperature rise to 1.5 °C (with at
least a 50% probability).

As a result, the respective assumptions rely on rapid
growth in renewable power generation, an immediate
decline in fossil fuel demand, and substantial spending
on energy efficiency improvements, which are expected to
triple between 2023 and 2030. While spending at these
levels may be essential for achieving climate goals, it is
important to highlight their purpose and distinguish them
from expected market approximations. In regard to the
Power and resources TRIO, if the estimates by the IEA and
IRENA prove directionally more accurate, and if spending is
in fact higher than we expect by the end of the decade, the
investment opportunity we foresee would be even greater.

Table 2 - The electrification market opportunity
Estimated annual investments along the value chain

Source: IEA, https://www.iea.org/statistics. All rights reserved as modified
by UBS Switzerland AG, Nov 2024

Electrification opportunity set

In this section, we highlight the key investment
opportunities across the electrification value chain and
emphasize the segments where we see the biggest
opportunity (see Figure 17 for an illustrative overview of the
investment universe).

Data center investment a catalyst
Data centers have always been heavy users of power and
electrical equipment, but the aggregate scale and per-rack
power densities are accelerating significantly thanks to the
rise in popularity of generative artificial intelligence (genAI).
A major driver is the shift from CPUs (serial processing)
to GPUs (parallel processing), which are better suited to
AI processes but consume significantly more energy. For
example, in a year, a single NVIDIA GB200 GPU can consume
roughly the same amount of power as an average US
household, and just one server rack can include 36 CPUs and
72 GPUs. In the US, electricity demand from data centers
has grown 50% since 2020, now accounting for 4% of the
country's consumption, while in Europe, although lower, it
represents a considerable level of 2.8%. The Electric Power
Research Institute projects data centers may use up to 9%
of all electricity generated in the US by 2030, while the IEA
notes that global data center consumption could more than
double by 2026 relative to the 2022 base of 460 TWh.

Figure 4 - Average rack density
Estimated values for 2024-2027. In kW/rack.

Source: Jones Lang LaSalle Data Centers 2024 Global Outlook

To frame the opportunity, we trace the path of electricity
and heat through a typical data center. A transformer first
receives medium-voltage three-phase power from the grid
and steps it down to a lower voltage, where it passes
through complex switchgear and an uninterruptible power
supply (UPS) for backup power. From there, electricity is
routed along busways through various switches and power
distribution units (PDUs) until it arrives at the server rack.

5



Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Power and resources

The chips and facility generate significant heat, yet the data
center must strictly maintain a low-humidity temperature
of 73-75°F (23-24°C). To this end, roughly 40% of a data
center’s power consumption is used for cooling. The cooling
of a modern hyperscale facility can require transferring the
equivalent of the heat required to melt 40,000 tons of ice
per day. Most data centers today are air-cooled, but liquid
cooling can handle rack densities an order of magnitude
higher.

Figure 5 - US data center vacancy
lhs: MW, rhs: % of total

Source: Data Centre Hawk

We believe air cooling will always play a role but expect
the fastest growth in direct-to-chip liquid cooling solutions.
Highly efficient immersion cooling holds promise, but we
expect adoption to be in niche circumstances for now,
given the challenges associated with system design and the
toxicity of PFAS chemicals in the coolant.

Figure 6 - Data center capex by major AI
companies is expected to grow significantly in the
coming years
Big four (Amazon, Microsoft, Meta, Alphabet) hyperscaler capex in
USD bn (lhs) and y/y growth in % (rhs)

Source: Bloomberg, Factset, UBS as of Oct 2024

The existing data center footprint is quickly filling up, with
vacancy rates in the US now in the low single digits. Major
tech companies see leadership in AI as an imperative and
are likely to continue spending on capacity expansion to
the extent supply constraints allow. UBS anticipates more
than 45% year-over-year growth in capex from the “big
four” (Amazon, Microsoft, Meta, and Alphabet), followed
by 15% in 2025 (topping USD 250bn). We anticipate
20-25% growth in the short term and 10-15% growth
in the medium term for the data center end market. We
see transmission and distribution electric equipment, non-
residential HVAC, and select non-regulated utilities as the
primary beneficiaries.

Global energy demand has steadily increased, with an
annual growth rate of about 1.4% over the past decade.
But electricity consumption is growing at a faster pace,
recording a 2.5% per annum rise during the same period,
according to the Energy Institute Statistical Review of World
Energy. Electricity growth is poised to accelerate to a
3.4% annual rate from 2024 to 2026, per the IEA, with
expectations of even faster growth beyond that window
as large projects come online. At the same time, global
climate mitigation efforts and decarbonization goals are
expected to drive this trend in the longer term, with the

6



Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Power and resources

IEA Announced Pledges Scenario projecting more than a
doubling of electricity's share in total energy consumption
by 2050.

The OECD forecasts that global GDP will nearly double
by 2060, suggesting rapid growth in both total energy
and electricity demand in particular as economies expand.
This trend mirrors the strong increase seen over the past
six decades, primarily driven by non-OECD countries since
the turn of the millennium. More people mean more
households, transportation, and infrastructure, leading to
higher energy needs. Urbanization and efforts to supply
energy to underserved regions—about 1 in 10 people in the
world lack access to electricity, according to the IEA—should
also contribute to energy demand in the coming years and
decades.

While consumption in emerging markets is growing fastest,
developed market demand is expected to be on the rise
as well, fueled by a variety of technological, industrial,
and socio-economic factors. Technological innovation has
led to new energy-intensive devices, and the reshoring of
industrial activities in sectors such as semiconductor and
battery production has added to energy needs regionally.
The shift toward electrification in transportation, industrial,
commercial, and residential applications—including an
increased penetration of electric vehicles and the transition
from fossil fuels to electric heating solutions—further
amplifies this trend. Although advancements in energy
efficiency can help to partially offset demand surges,
the overall trajectory of increasing electricity consumption
should continue, driven by these diverse and powerful
factors. Alongside the need for decarbonization, energy
affordability and security of supply will be major factors
determining the pace of change.

Numerous industries play
important roles in electrification

Renewables
The development of renewable energy generation is key for
advancing the world’s decarbonization goals. The category
includes hydroelectric, wind (onshore and offshore), solar,
biofuel, geothermal, and ocean wave/tidal, though wind

and solar are the most straightforward to deploy and scale.
Government incentives backing the COP28 commitment
to triple renewable capacity and significant deflation in
equipment costs are aligning to support strong growth in
wind and solar capacity.

Figure 7 - Growth in renewable capacity
In GW

Source: IEA Renewables Forecast 2023 https://www.iea.org/statistics. All
rights reserved. UBS
Note: IEA Accelerated Case: projections aligned with achieving the COP28 energy goals. IEA
Base Case: projections assuming more moderate progress compared to the COP28 goals

Despite the strong trajectory in renewable capacity, within
an equities context, we advise investors to be selective
in their participation, focusing on specific segments
rather than the entire value chain, for several reasons.
Challenging fundamentals persist across different pockets
of renewables sector representation in public markets.
Development of renewables projects is limited by substantial
land requirements, financing rates, long queues to obtain
access to transmission (five-year median wait in the US),
required upgrades to grid management software, and
more. Equipment makers face significant competition and
geopolitical headwinds. According to the IEA, China alone
will be able to supply the entire global market for solar PV
modules, one-third of the global market for electrolyzers,
and 90% of the world’s EV battery demands in 2030.
Tariffs, while providing short-term protection, risk further
exacerbating structural oversupply issues in the long term.

From a bottom-up standpoint, we also see challenges in
wind as major turbine manufacturers have struggled to
fulfill sizable warranty obligations due to manufacturing
defects. Operational restructuring and pricing discipline are
beginning to stabilize turbine manufacturer fundamentals,
but more progress is needed.

Despite these challenges, we see renewables growing most
rapidly as a result of economics, with wind and solar

7



Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Power and resources

remaining very cost competitive. For equity investors, we
prefer the wind segment, but non-solar-panel equipment
like racks and wiring harnesses are also interesting.

Fossil fuels and generators
Fossil fuels still account for more than 60% of global
electricity generation. Growth in electricity consumption
(amplified by electrification) and limitations on renewables’
applicability are likely to keep fossil fuel demand on an
uptrend over the next seven to ten years before alternative
sources meaningfully “bend the curve.”

Figure 8 - Global share of electricity generation
In %

Source: Energy Institute Statistical Review of World Energy (2024)

Fossil-fuel-based power generation plays a key role in
the supply and stabilization of the energy grid. Coal,
natural gas, and nuclear typically serve as sources of
baseload or intermediate energy, while more flexible natural
gas aeroderivative turbines or diesel generators serve to
satisfy peak load demand. Baseload power is necessary to
match electricity supply and demand and preserve stable
electricity characteristics across the grid. Natural gas is seen
as an intermediate step toward decarbonization in some
developed regions, as it emits the least CO2 among fossil
fuel types, whereas many emerging markets are likely to
bypass this step in favor of renewables. Generators and
microgrids—ideally clean ones—are increasingly important
for residential use given the frequency of climate events.
They are also critical for industrial and commercial facility
uptime. Data centers, for example, typically install enough

on-site diesel capacity to run the entire facility at full output
if need be.

While not directly a driver of structural change in the
power value chain, supply by fossil fuel plants will
continue to play an important role in meeting electricity
demand, offering resilience and facilitating the integration
of cleaner solutions. For equity investors, we favor the gas-
turbine segment of fossil-fueled generation, as natural gas
generation is expected to grow rapidly.

Grid equipment (high and medium voltage)
Even if the IEA's timeframe is ambitious, the direction and
magnitude of spending is likely to be substantial, as rising
electricity demand will require incremental investment in
the power transmission and distribution grid. However, it
is not the only driver of our constructive demand outlook.
The integration of renewable energy generation (often in
remote locations), the growth in cross-country transmission
capacity, and the linkage of new power customers will
require heavy investment in network infrastructure.

Renewable sources (including hydropower) already generate
21% of all electricity in the US and 44% in European
Union, respectively, up from 13% and 27% ten years ago
(EIA, Eurostat). Additionally, more than 85% of all capacity
additions are attributed to renewable generation. The share
of renewables in electricity production is rising, impacting
the grid in two main ways: It requires the buildout of
additional cabling infrastructure, and introduces instability
in the grid’s frequency.

In practice, grid balancing is facilitated by transmission
systems operators, which request electricity from generation
facilities based on a marginal cost schedule and match
it with downstream demand. This is still a fairly manual
process, but modernizing the grid with sensors, digital
technologies, and load management software will be vital
to ease the workload and reduce inefficiencies. Illustrating
the complexities of renewables and energy storage, digital
technology investment comprises around one-fifth of total
grid spend.

8



Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Power and resources

Figure 9 - Global electricity generation capacity
additions
In GW

Source: BloombergNEF, UBS

At the same time, the need to expand network
infrastructure poses a troublesome bottleneck for renewable
installations. In the US, the waiting time between
connection request and commercial operation rose from a
median of two years in 2000-2007 to five years for projects
built in 2023 (Rand et al. (2022), Queued Up: Characteristics
of Power Plants Seeking Transmission Interconnection). In
addition, siting and permitting of high-voltage transmission
lines require navigating an exceedingly complex web of
authorities, though provisions of the Inflation Reduction Act
aim to speed the process. In Europe, where renewables
permitting can take up to 10 years, the grid must also
accommodate the increase in cross-border transmission
capacity, with the European Commission targeting a total of
180GW by 2030, up from the 93GW in 2023.

Meanwhile, growth requirements aside, existing
infrastructure in advanced economies is approaching the
end of its lifecycle, which typically lasts 50 to 60 years.
Around 40% of Europe’s distribution grids are over 40 years
old, while 70% of transmission lines in the US are over 25
years old (per EU Commission and US DoE, respectively).
The transmission grid is younger than the distribution grid
on average; however, there is a significant differential in
construction lead time to consider. Transmission lines require
an average of eight to ten years (for underground and
overhead lines, respectively), while low-voltage distribution
lines average only one year (IEA).

Based on the aforementioned factors, UBS anticipates
8-12% annual growth in grid investment spending through
the end of the decade.

Figure 10 - Average annual grid investment
estimates under announced pledge scenario
In USD bn

Source: IEA, https://www.iea.org/statistics. All rights reserved. UBS

In the transmission and distribution category, we believe
utility spending trends favor manufacturers of complex
transformers, insulated switchgear, relays, high-voltage
switches and breakers, substation automation solutions,
cabling, monitoring devices, and grid management
software. Participating companies have robust backlogs
(with accretive pricing embedded) and strong visibility to
utility capex plans, providing runway for margin expansion
in the coming years.

We believe spending on transmission and distribution will
represent the majority of global grid investment in both
developed and emerging economies. Utilities will also need
to invest in new generation capacity and squeeze the most
from the existing footprint, supporting providers of gas,
wind, hydro, and steam turbines, as well as maintenance/
services and DCS automation.

Power distribution and conditioning equipment
(medium and low voltage)
As electricity approaches the point of use, numerous
additional layers of equipment are required to step down
the voltage on premise, route it along the proper channels,
and protect delicate componentry. Demand in this category
is driven by many end markets undergoing electrification
(several of which are discussed in later sections) and a sizable
backlog of megaprojects fueled by fiscal support, leading
to structurally higher top-line growth rates and smoothing
bumps caused by timing on any single project.

9



Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Power and resources

Key beneficiaries include manufacturers of transformers,
switchgear, power distribution units (PDUs), uninterruptible
power supplies (UPSs), enclosures, connectors, wiring
solutions, control devices, and more.

As mentioned in the previous chapter, particularly in
advanced economies, much of the equipment is often
outdated. Transformers, for instance, are a crucial part
of the grid and have a lifespan of 30 to 40 years. The
same applies to circuit breakers and other switchgear
in substations. Underground or subsea cables have a
longer lifespan, typically designed for 40 years, with newer
versions lasting up to 50 years. Overhead transmission
lines have the longest lifespan, lasting up to 60 years.
These numbers are indicative, as servicing and maintenance
can extend their lifespan (source: IEA, Electricity Grids and
Secure Energy Transitions, October 2023). Considering the
age of the equipment we described earlier, it is evident
that significant grid components will need replacement
and require ongoing service and maintenance capital
expenditures. We therefore believe this presents a structural
growth opportunity for firms in this sector.

Electric vehicle infrastructure
Though sales growth rates in any single country may vary
year to year based on incentives, consumer preferences, and
geopolitical developments, global electric vehicle adoption
is steadily increasing.

The rise of electric vehicles is supportive for power and
resources companies in numerous ways. Simply adding a
single EV and a level 2 charger can increase a household's
electricity load by 40% and necessitate electric panel
replacement. EVs themselves include significantly more
power electronics, including inverters, converters, batteries,
charging components, and six times more minerals by
weight than conventional cars.

The buildout of public charging infrastructure is another
tailwind, as chargers have high content of electric
componentry (enclosures, AC/DC converters, cables,
connectors, etc.) and increase load on the grid. Indeed, a
lack of available grid capacity is frequently the barrier to
building EV charging stations. In 2021, the US set a goal of
building 500,000 chargers by 2030, allocating USD 7.5bn of
funding (though deployment has been exceedingly slow to
date). The EU has built more than 570,000 chargers, while
China has already topped 2.2 million.

Pacing factors throttle the speed of transformation
The growth of utilities, data centers, industrial plants, and
other downstream electricity consumers typically depends
on two key factors. First, they must secure the necessary

power supply from grid interconnections. Second, they need
to acquire the equipment required to connect and condition
the electricity for use in sensitive, high-value components.
In many cases, procuring these resources has limited the
ability to capitalize on demand and keep expansion plans
on schedule. The specific cause of bottlenecking has shifted
over time, and we anticipate a rotating cast of gating
factors going forward. Importantly, this is not necessarily
undesirable—it can smooth the path of development,
reduce the risk of overbuilding, and extend the duration of
the tailwind from pent-up demand.

Electrical equipment represents one of the most significant
constraints at present due to long-running underinvestment
in manufacturing capacity and residual labor and supply
chain issues caused by COVID-19. Electrical equipment
markets historically grew slowly and exhibited little pricing
power, so it had been decades since most manufacturers
considered greenfield expansion. Moreover, labor shortages
exacerbated shortfalls in production for intermediate
components such as circuit breakers and leading-edge
semiconductors. While conditions are gradually improving,
customers still observe lead times of two to three years for
three-phase transformers and 12-18 months for complex
switchgear, which need to be installed at an early stage of
a project’s construction.

The major manufacturers of this high-voltage transmission,
transformer, switchgear, and breakers are expanding
production, spurring a steady drumbeat of public
announcements. Even a major US steel manufacturer
announced it would convert a tinplate mill into a
transformer plant—a clear indication of asymmetric supply
and demand, in our view. All considered, we believe key
participants are likely to purposely undershoot current
demand out of an abundance of caution about industry-
wide capacity.

As clouds clear on the equipment side, we expect power
generation capacity to become the next gateway. Demand
from data centers, heat pumps, electric vehicles, and
manufacturing facilities clashes with an increasingly strained
grid, necessitating significant utility capex on generation
and transmission infrastructure. For regulated utilities in the
US, which must petition for higher customer rates to recover
capex and are at risk of regulatory intervention if things go
awry, the ability to service these customers may be many
years away. Some utilities have even stopped accepting new
service requests for large customers.

Sophisticated customers understand that a mosaic of
solutions will be necessary to secure (ideally low carbon)
power. This includes a mix of adjustments related to
the grid's structure, such as power plant relocation, on-

10



Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Power and resources

site generation, and microgrids. It also involves various
mechanisms of power market function, including merchant
power, power purchase agreements (PPAs), and take-or-pay
contracts, while it may encompass the expansion of new
forms of generation such as small modular nuclear reactors.
This scramble for capacity is perhaps best exemplified by
Microsoft’s recent PPA to restart shuttered capacity at the
Three Mile Island nuclear facility (the site of an infamous
nuclear incident, albeit not the same reactor) and receive
all output for 20 years. Customers’ determination to source
the long-term capacity they require, despite short-term
constraints, represents another opportunity for Power and
resources.

Nuclear
Nuclear plants generate emission-free electricity and are
increasingly seen as a necessary contributor to a lower-
carbon future. Illustrating this, the United Nations Climate
Change Conference in 2023 (COP28) publicized a goal
to triple global nuclear energy capacity by 2050. Per the
World Nuclear Association, there are some 440 reactors in
operation around the world today with an average age of
32 years, generating roughly 9% of electricity.

Figure 11 - Low-carbon electricity generation
requires the installation of additional nuclear
capacity
Global nuclear installed capacity estimates according to the different
IEA scenarios, in GW

IEA World Energy Outlook (2024), https://www.iea.org/statistics. All rights
reserved. UBS

Other than improvements to operating efficiency and
passive safety systems, nuclear technology in the majority of
the installed power plants has remained largely unchanged,
making cost, environmental, and geopolitical concerns the
primary gating factors for expansion. We expect greater
utilization of existing nuclear plants as well as capacity
growth in the coming years, supporting relevant utilities,
producers of uranium and fuel rods, and nuclear plant
automation providers.

Whereas traditional nuclear plants are highly bespoke
endeavors, small modular reactors (SMRs) hold promise for
providing 300MW or less of efficient on-site generation
for steel mills, data centers, or other facilities. SMRs are
intended to be highly standardized and manufactured at
scale, lowering installation costs meaningfully. The idea is
that smaller, self-contained, and standardized nuclear plants
could be deployed faster, more economically, and on smaller
sites. The International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) defines
“small” as below 300MW. Contracts are beginning to flow,
though deployment beyond pilot projects is likely to be in
the 2030s at the earliest.

Nuclear fusion has been studied for over 50 years. But
despite an understanding of the process, scientists have
struggled to generate more energy than it took to start the
fusion process. In December 2022, for a fraction of a second,
the Lawrence Livermore Laboratory in California performed
a fusion experiment that produced about 1.5 times more
energy than it took to start the fusion process. Though
certainly a promising breakthrough, we view commercial
applications of nuclear fusion as realistically a decade away
as an energy technology

For equity investors, investing in nuclear is more challenging.
We prefer existing operators for expansion opportunities,
while SMR players bear higher risks.

Battery storage
Homeowners with installed solar panels are likely familiar
with residential energy storage units, which allow them to
store surplus solar electricity for backup and avoid peak
electricity pricing. Utility-scale battery storage can facilitate
the integration of intermittent renewables as well as buffer
supply/demand imbalances on the grid by reacting as quickly
to changes or outages as a power plant.

Energy storage introduces logistical hurdles as grids were
not optimized for energy storage, making integration,
regulation, and grid planning more complex. Lithium-ion
batteries have high energy density but degrade with time
—they have a limited useful life of ~10 years—and are
expensive when used as long-duration supply. Standard

11



Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Power and resources

lithium-ion batteries provide only a few hours of power,
though early-stage technologies such as flow batteries and
metal-air batteries hold promise for greater longevity.

Battery manufacturers also face additional risks, including
the availability of critical minerals and the manufacturing
(over)capacity from competitors. Per BloombergNEF, in
2023, the production of new batteries (across both EVs and
stationary storage) from China alone was roughly equivalent
to total global demand, while the average cost of a two-
hour storage system in China was down 43% y/y in early
2024. Even with government incentives in the US and
Europe, it will be challenging for developed market battery
manufacturers to compete.

Figure 12 - Installed energy storage capacity
Estimated values for 2024-2030. In GW

Source: BloombergNEF 1H24 Energy Storage Market Outlook

Nonetheless, as renewables deployment continues at a rapid
clip, the stark shortfall in global energy storage capacity
should continue to spur both policy support and investment.
COP29 aims to seal a global pledge to increase installed
energy storage capacity to 1,500GW by 2030, or 6x the
2022 level. Although we expect battery investments to grow
rapidly, similar to solar panels, we believe this segment
carries above-average risks.

Figure 13 - Battery manufacturing capacity far
exceeds demand
In GWh

Source: BloombergNEF 2023 Global Battery Manufacturer Profile

Hydrogen
The present scalability of hydrogen is limited by market
demand, with hydrogen being primarily used for oil refining,
metal processing, and ammonia production for fertilizer.
Other applications include hydrogen-powered vehicles,
bunker fuel, feedstock for sustainable aviation fuel, green
steelmaking, and the reduction of emissions from fossil fuel-
based power plants.

Equally, the source of hydrogen also drives the longer-term
demand potential. Currently, 96% of hydrogen is produced
from fossil fuels (or so-called “grey” hydrogen). “Blue”
hydrogen, produced from hydrocarbons, mainly natural gas,
where CO2 is captured and not released in the atmosphere,
also appears viable, as post-subsidies pricing can approach
grey. Meanwhile, “green” hydrogen (produced by splitting
water molecules in an electrolyzer powered by renewable
energy) remains scarce and constrained by renewable
capacity. It takes roughly 40-50kWh of electricity to produce
1kg of hydrogen. Requirements are immense; for example,
the green hydrogen project at Saudi Arabia’s NEOM requires
300km2 of land for wind and solar to produce 4GW
of electricity. Therefore, green hydrogen should command
a substantial premium, though this would be capped
somewhat by European carbon tax levels.

Hydrogen is attractive as a means to decarbonize legacy
fossil fuel infrastructure, power hard-to-abate sectors such
as steelmaking, and in the case of green hydrogen,
it can also function as transportable energy storage to
alleviate power consistency concerns (e.g., in long-haul
commercial vehicles or as feedstock to sustainable aviation).
It therefore enjoys widespread policy support. The US
Inflation Reduction Act includes a clean hydrogen tax credit

12



Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Power and resources

for ten years, scaling from USD 0.60/kg to USD 3.00/
kg depending on emissions. The EU has also pledged to
produce 10mn and import 10mn tons of green hydrogen by
2030. The COP29 Hydrogen Declaration pending passage
at the UN Climate Change Conference aims to harmonize
global standards and may help resolve demand bottlenecks.
Hydrogen could play an extensive role in the energy mix,
but low-carbon forms of the fuel still remain expensive. This
technology contains higher risks for investors, in our view.

Heat pumps
Heating and cooling is the largest use of global energy
consumption and is responsible for roughly 40% of CO2
emissions. Traditional air conditioning radiates heat to the
outdoors, raising environmental temperatures and requiring
more air conditioning, creating a vicious cycle.

Heat pumps running solely on (ideally renewably sourced)
electricity are the most practical choice to achieve
decarbonization targets. The IEA believes a tripling of the
2021 install base (~9%) has the potential to cut fossil fuel
use in half by 2030. In brief, heat pumps use electricity
to operate a reversible refrigerant circuit, which transfers
existing heat from outdoors to indoors, or vice versa, to
provide both heating and cooling.

Figure 14 - New heat pump sales
In GW

Source: IEA Clean Energy Market Monitor 2024, https://www.iea.org/
statistics. All rights reserved. UBS

Heat pumps have pros and cons relative to traditional
furnaces and air conditioners. The system can transfer
more than three times the heat per unit of power and, as
mentioned above, is emission-free if linked to green energy.
However, the upfront cost of installation is high before
incentives (~4x a natural gas furnace), making the value
proposition less compelling when retail electricity prices
exceed those of fossil fuels. To mitigate this, more than

30 countries currently offer incentives. Heat pumps also
struggle to cope with especially high or low temperatures,
limiting the range of latitudes and circumstances in which
deployment is practical (though innovation is widening the
bands).

We expect the install base of heat pumps to rise, albeit
with year-to-year volatility. Residential heat pumps use
approximately 5.5 MWh of electricity per year on average,
implying ~550 TWh of electricity use on 2022 install base
metrics. Rising adoption of heat pumps, in tandem with EVs
and other needs, represent an added strain on the grid and
additional impetus for renewables integration.

Raw materials
Natural resource markets (copper, aluminum, lithium, etc.)
will likely tighten further as strong demand intersects with
supply bottlenecks in production and processing and new
projects become harder to identify and commercialize.
Indeed, access to stable and accessible supplies of critical
metals is key to the rapid deployment of transition energy
technologies—especially those related to infrastructure and
energy storage. In addition, AI data centers (and growth
in electricity consumption) could lead to even higher metal
demand than expected. If we assume copper intensity of
around 65 metric tons (mt) per MW of data center capacity
and 15% annual growth in data center installation between
now and 2030, this could see incremental demand of about
100,000 metric tons of copper per year, according to UBS
analysis. According to the IEA, global demand for some
metals will rise by nearly 10 times versus 2022 production
in the decades ahead.

13



Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Power and resources

Figure 15 - Demand for some metals is expected
to 10x by 2050
Demand growth vs 2022 production

Source: IEA, https://www.iea.org/statistics. All rights reserved. US
Geological Survey, UBS

So, with future technological solutions heavily dependent
on raw material markets that are comparatively small or
concentrated along the small chain, risks of minor shortages
are likely to emerge and could cause severe dislocations.
Copper is a good example: The IEA and S&P Global Market
Intelligence estimate cumulative primary copper demand
over the next 30 years will be around double the amount
consumed in the previous 30 years. But such an increase in
supply over such a short time has never been seen before.
And even if copper prices remain at higher level, it takes a
decade or more to build a greenfield mine and the cost to
do so is significantly higher than in the past.

Another example is the aluminum supply chain. Guinea
holds nearly a quarter of the world’s known bauxite reserves
(according to US geological survey), which is a critical raw
material to produce alumina (and subsequently aluminum).
Aluminum is a key material used in the construction of high-
voltage power transmission lines. A disruption to shipping
of bauxite saw its spot price rise almost 50% year over year.
This highlights the issue at hand: If alumina producers face
shortages of bauxite, a commodity that usually flies below
the radar, this would quickly feed through downstream,
exacerbating supply chain issues.

So, with such rapid growth in demand, we believe a new
super cycle has emerged. Miners need to boost capex to
raise supply, and government support is required to alleviate
concentration risks along the supply chain. Some of these
challenges are geopolitical, while others are more geological
and climate related. On the geopolitical side, the supply of
metals that are critical to the energy transition are a key risk
to the West as processing is highly concentrated in China.
Moreover, unlike previous booms, miners seem content to

maintain recent capital discipline. As such, returns on mining
and new production technologies, which could unlock ores
not previously processed economically, could rise to levels
not seen since the early 2000s.

Sustained regulatory and fiscal support is key
Governments around the world acknowledge the necessity
of decarbonization to facilitate the energy transition,
mitigate risks from climate events, and support economic
growth. Consequently, they recognize the need to invest in
energy infrastructure and grid resilience. The White House
notes that power outages alone are a ~USD 70bn annual
drag on the US economy. Moreover, the severity of damage
from crises, such as the winter storm in Houston that
halted power for days and fires sparked by power lines
in California and Maui, lays bare the consequences of
neglecting spending on resilience. To this end, significant
funding has been made available to support public and
private sector investment.

In the US, the Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act
(IIJA) of 2021 marked the largest investment in the
country’s history in clean energy infrastructure, allocating
USD 65 billion to build transmission lines, support nuclear
facilities, advance clean energy technology, weatherize
building stock, incentivize domestic manufacturing of clean
energy equipment, and build out a nationwide EV charging
network. Subsequent announcements illustrate that this
funding is being put to work and exhibiting the intended
multiplier effect in private spending.

We believe the benefits of the IIJA will remain a tailwind for
many years, with the tempo smoothed by labor constraints
among municipal offices and construction contractors.
Moreover, we do not anticipate a ‘cliff’ from the conclusion
of IIJA support, given the implausibility of paring back
sorely needed infrastructure investment when it is politically
popular and supports employment.

14



Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Power and resources

Figure 16 - The Infrastructure Law will support a
number of end markets
Spending share in each market under the Infrastructure Investment
and Jobs Act (IIJA)

Source: The White House (whitehouse.gov)

Additional incentives to encourage industry development
appear in other major US legislation as well. The Inflation
Reduction Act (2022), built on the IIJA, appropriates nearly
USD 400bn to incentivize the adoption of cleaner and
more efficient vehicles, fuels, batteries, and residential
appliances, as well as upgrade energy infrastructure. Blue
and green hydrogen production, sustainable aviation fuel,
electric vehicles, nuclear power, and heat pumps are
significant beneficiaries as well. The CHIPS Act is primarily
focused on research and development in the semiconductor
industry but also supports the expansion of semiconductor
manufacturing in the US. Semiconductor fabrication plants
are heavy users of electricity and electrical equipment
for stringent process control and temperature / humidity
management.

In Europe, policy was initially guided by the Clean Energy
for All Europeans package (2019), which promoted the
reduction of building emissions and ramping renewable
energy mix, and then the European Green Deal (2020),
which set the target of carbon neutrality by 2050.
Recognizing the need to speed progress toward EU climate
neutrality by 2050, the Renewable Energy Directive was
revised in 2023, setting a binding minimum renewable
energy goal of 42.5% by 2030 and an 18-month time limit
to embed most details into members’ laws.

The EU Commission initiated a narrower Action Plan for
Grids in late 2023, noting that EUR 584bn of incremental
grid investment is needed to support electrification
and outlining a 14-step proposal to improve capacity,
automation, financing, and permitting. This is not binding

from a legislative perspective but does assign responsibilities
to task forces for implementation. In addition, threats to
energy security from the Russia/Ukraine conflict prompted
the REPowerEU plan, which mobilized nearly EUR 300bn to
overcome dependency on fossil fuel.
China spent USD 676 billion on the energy transition in
2023 alone based on Bloomberg data, more than double of
any other nation. Supplies of renewable equipment in China
are surging, given significantly lower manufacturing costs
than in the US or Europe. China has committed to 1.2TW
of renewable capacity by 2030 and is well on the path to
meeting that goal years ahead of schedule, which comes
with sizable investment in high-voltage transmission as well.

Zooming out to a global level, the United Nations Climate
Change Conference in 2023 (COP28) called on members to
transition from fossil fuel energy sources “in a just, orderly,
and equitable manner” and “accelerate efforts globally
toward net zero emission energy systems… well before or
by around mid-century.” Per IEA tracking, 98 countries have
made pledges to reach net zero via announcements (15),
policy documents (56), or outright law (27) as of this writing,
representing 86% of 2021 energy-linked emissions. These
commitments are ambitious and enforcement mechanisms
are limited, but any progress in this direction should be
supportive for the industry participants facilitating the
transition.

While pledges and policy are helpful, they also demonstrate
the need for financing support and incentives to prod
industry to make investments. The reversal of subsidy
programs or even the perceived threat of reversal due
to changing political priorities may introduce uncertainty
into long-term planning and willingness to commit capital.
Altering incentives can also affect return profiles for long-
lived capital projects. As a result, the supportiveness of policy
is a key swing factor influencing the timing and magnitude
of the profit opportunity for participating companies.

Longer-Term Investment themes
In our Longer-Term Investment (LTI) research series, we have
published several themes that directly or indirectly benefit
from the developments described in this report, such as
our Energy transition(s) or Energy efficiency themes. Scarce
resources are not limited to the mining and power market;
they also encompass our other long-term investment topics
in the water and food sectors.

SI consideration

Clean electrification lies in the heart of the global
decarbonization challenge. This is a two-step process: First,

15



Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Power and resources

electrify everything and consolidate power needs away from
direct fossil fuel use—think internal combustion engines and
gas boilers. Second, rapidly modernize the grid—not only in
terms of how it’s powered, but also the flexibility to switch
and manage shifting fuel sources, for example. Achieving
both would be key to mitigating the high correlation
between GDP growth and carbon emissions.

From an equity standpoint, investing directly in solution
providers whose products and services may have clear
alignment with the UN Sustainable Development Goals
(SDGs). Under SDG 7: Affordable and Clean Energy, specific
targets emphasize energy accessibility (and it’s worth
bearing in mind here that natural gas remains superior to
biomass and coal), expanding renewable energy’s share of
total power generation, and energy efficiency. Investments
into modern, sustainable energy infrastructure, including
resource efficiency solutions such as carbon capture,
utilization and storage, is a specified target under SDG
9: Industry, Innovation and Infrastructure. This is especially
important for solutions targeting emerging markets, where
the investment shortfall is the widest.

These investments may be aligned to an ESG thematic
strategy. Investors seeking credible alignment to these
SDGs may consider emerging sustainability data. A caveat,
however, is that some investment opportunities and impact
may stretch well beyond the SDGs and associated datasets
—which, ultimately, were designed to be achieved by 2030.

Beyond the SDGs, investors prioritizing holistic sustainability
and impact alignment may also consider life-cycle analyses
and companies’ operational sustainability to ensure holistic
alignment. Systemic thinking is crucial. Over 60% of
electricity consumed today remains powered by unabated
fossil fuels—switching to an electric vehicle may have limited
impact if your grid is burning coal.

Risk considerations

There are a number of risks to consider when investing in
this theme. Regarding equipment, risks include lumpiness in
customer projects or ordering patterns, the likely burndown
of elevated backlogs as lead times decrease, challenges
associated with matching manufacturing capacity to
demand, and a potential mismatch between pricing
and input costs during periods of high inflation. Grid
service providers are also subject to the timing of project
development and inflation.

Materials providers typically carry high volatility and
can move quickly with small changes in sentiment or

positioning, or new technology could render the underlying
commodity unnecessary for a certain purpose. Utilities may
face scrutiny from customers or regulators over pricing or
adverse events, or an inability to meet customer demand.
The broader theme involves risks associated with geopolitics,
commodity prices, electricity prices, government policies,
incentive changes, and other external factors.

The outcome of the US election, with Donald Trump set for
a second term, suggests a neutral impact on energy sectors,
in our view. Trump's focus on encouraging US fossil fuel
production is unlikely to materially change US output trends.
While he may recognize the economic gains from the 2022
Inflation Reduction Act, there could be some reductions in
clean energy tax breaks, and he may introduce new import
tariffs, which could slow renewable energy expansion at the
margin.

Offsetting this impact is rising electricity demand from AI
data centers and industrial activity reshoring, both of which
are likely to continue to encourage renewable-, nuclear-,
and natural gas-fueled electricity generation expansion.
In short, Trump's policies could be slightly negative for
renewable energy but somewhat supportive of traditional
energy like oil and natural gas, leading to a neutral overall
effect on the energy theme.

16



Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Power and resources

Figure 17 - The electrification value chain – illustrative with select companies

Source: Based on Factset business classification system (RBICS) and UBS analysis as of Nov 2024
Note: This is for educational purposes only. For investment ideas and our stock picks, see our companion report.

17



Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Power and resources

Appendix

Risk information
UBS Chief Investment Office's ("CIO") investment views are prepared and published by the Global Wealth Management
business of UBS Switzerland AG (regulated by FINMA in Switzerland) or its affiliates ("UBS"), part of UBS Group AG ("UBS
Group"). UBS Group includes former Credit Suisse AG, its subsidiaries, branches and affiliates. Additional disclaimer relevant
to Credit Suisse Wealth Management follows at the end of this section.
The investment views have been prepared in accordance with legal requirements designed to promote the independence
of investment research.
Generic investment research – Risk information:
This publication is for your information only and is not intended as an offer, or a solicitation of an offer, to buy or sell
any investment or other specific product. The analysis contained herein does not constitute a personal recommendation or
take into account the particular investment objectives, investment strategies, financial situation and needs of any specific
recipient. It is based on numerous assumptions. Different assumptions could result in materially different results. Certain
services and products are subject to legal restrictions and cannot be offered worldwide on an unrestricted basis and/or may
not be eligible for sale to all investors. All information and opinions expressed in this document were obtained from sources
believed to be reliable and in good faith, but no representation or warranty, express or implied, is made as to its accuracy
or completeness (other than disclosures relating to UBS). All information and opinions as well as any forecasts, estimates
and market prices indicated are current as of the date of this report, and are subject to change without notice. Opinions
expressed herein may differ or be contrary to those expressed by other business areas or divisions of UBS as a result of
using different assumptions and/or criteria. UBS may utilise artificial intelligence tools (“AI Tools”) in the preparation of this
document. Notwithstanding any such use of AI Tools, this document has undergone human review.
In no circumstances may this document or any of the information (including any forecast, value, index or other calculated
amount ("Values")) be used for any of the following purposes (i) valuation or accounting purposes; (ii) to determine the
amounts due or payable, the price or the value of any financial instrument or financial contract; or (iii) to measure the
performance of any financial instrument including, without limitation, for the purpose of tracking the return or performance
of any Value or of defining the asset allocation of portfolio or of computing performance fees. By receiving this document
and the information you will be deemed to represent and warrant to UBS that you will not use this document or otherwise
rely on any of the information for any of the above purposes. UBS and any of its directors or employees may be entitled at
any time to hold long or short positions in investment instruments referred to herein, carry out transactions involving relevant
investment instruments in the capacity of principal or agent, or provide any other services or have officers, who serve as
directors, either to/for the issuer, the investment instrument itself or to/for any company commercially or financially affiliated
to such issuers. At any time, investment decisions (including whether to buy, sell or hold securities) made by UBS and its
employees may differ from or be contrary to the opinions expressed in UBS research publications. Some investments may not
be readily realizable since the market in the securities is illiquid and therefore valuing the investment and identifying the risk
to which you are exposed may be difficult to quantify. UBS relies on information barriers to control the flow of information
contained in one or more areas within UBS, into other areas, units, divisions or affiliates of UBS. Futures and options trading
is not suitable for every investor as there is a substantial risk of loss, and losses in excess of an initial investment may occur.
Past performance of an investment is no guarantee for its future performance. Additional information will be made available
upon request. Some investments may be subject to sudden and large falls in value and on realization you may receive back
less than you invested or may be required to pay more. Changes in foreign exchange rates may have an adverse effect on
the price, value or income of an investment. The analyst(s) responsible for the preparation of this report may interact with
trading desk personnel, sales personnel and other constituencies for the purpose of gathering, synthesizing and interpreting
market information.
Different areas, groups, and personnel within UBS Group may produce and distribute separate research products
independently of each other. For example, research publications from CIO are produced by UBS Global Wealth
Management. UBS Global Research is produced by UBS Investment Bank. Research methodologies and rating systems
of each separate research organization may differ, for example, in terms of investment recommendations, investment
horizon, model assumptions, and valuation methods. As a consequence, except for certain economic forecasts (for which
UBS CIO and UBS Global Research may collaborate), investment recommendations, ratings, price targets, and valuations
provided by each of the separate research organizations may be different, or inconsistent. You should refer to each relevant
research product for the details as to their methodologies and rating system. Not all clients may have access to all products
from every organization. Each research product is subject to the policies and procedures of the organization that produces it.
The compensation of the analyst(s) who prepared this report is determined exclusively by research management and senior
management (not including investment banking). Analyst compensation is not based on investment banking, sales and
trading or principal trading revenues, however, compensation may relate to the revenues of UBS Group as a whole, of which
investment banking, sales and trading and principal trading are a part.
Tax treatment depends on the individual circumstances and may be subject to change in the future. UBS does not provide
legal or tax advice and makes no representations as to the tax treatment of assets or the investment returns thereon both in

18



Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Power and resources

general or with reference to specific client's circumstances and needs. We are of necessity unable to take into account the
particular investment objectives, financial situation and needs of our individual clients and we would recommend that you
take financial and/or tax advice as to the implications (including tax) of investing in any of the products mentioned herein.
This material may not be reproduced or copies circulated without prior authority of UBS. Unless otherwise agreed in writing
UBS expressly prohibits the distribution and transfer of this material to third parties for any reason. UBS accepts no liability
whatsoever for any claims or lawsuits from any third parties arising from the use or distribution of this material. This report
is for distribution only under such circumstances as may be permitted by applicable law. For information on the ways in
which CIO manages conflicts and maintains independence of its investment views and publication offering, and research
and rating methodologies, please visit www.ubs.com/research-methodology. Additional information on the relevant authors
of this publication and other CIO publication(s) referenced in this report; and copies of any past reports on this topic; are
available upon request from your client advisor.
Important Information About Sustainable Investing Strategies: Sustainable investing strategies aim to consider
and incorporate environmental, social and governance (ESG) factors into investment process and portfolio construction.
Strategies across geographies approach ESG analysis and incorporate the findings in a variety of ways. Incorporating ESG
factors or Sustainable Investing considerations may inhibit UBS’s ability to participate in or to advise on certain investment
opportunities that otherwise would be consistent with the Client’s investment objectives. The returns on a portfolio
incorporating ESG factors or Sustainable Investing considerations may be lower or higher than portfolios where ESG factors,
exclusions, or other sustainability issues are not considered by UBS, and the investment opportunities available to such
portfolios may differ.
External Asset Managers / External Financial Consultants: In case this research or publication is provided to an External
Asset Manager or an External Financial Consultant, UBS expressly prohibits that it is redistributed by the External Asset
Manager or the External Financial Consultant and is made available to their clients and/or third parties.
USA: Distributed to US persons only by UBS Financial Services Inc. or UBS Securities LLC, subsidiaries of UBS AG. UBS
Switzerland AG, UBS Europe SE, UBS Bank, S.A., UBS Brasil Administradora de Valores Mobiliarios Ltda, UBS Asesores Mexico,
S.A. de C.V., UBS SuMi TRUST Wealth Management Co., Ltd., UBS Wealth Management Israel Ltd and UBS Menkul Degerler
AS are affiliates of UBS AG. UBS Financial Services Inc. accepts responsibility for the content of a report prepared
by a non-US affiliate when it distributes reports to US persons. All transactions by a US person in the securities
mentioned in this report should be effected through a US-registered broker dealer affiliated with UBS, and not
through a non-US affiliate. The contents of this report have not been and will not be approved by any securities
or investment authority in the United States or elsewhere. UBS Financial Services Inc. is not acting as a municipal
advisor to any municipal entity or obligated person within the meaning of Section 15B of the Securities Exchange
Act (the "Municipal Advisor Rule") and the opinions or views contained herein are not intended to be, and do
not constitute, advice within the meaning of the Municipal Advisor Rule.
For country information, please visit ubs.com/cio-country-disclaimer-gr or ask your client advisor for the full disclaimer.
Additional Disclaimer relevant to Credit Suisse Wealth Management
You receive this document in your capacity as a client of Credit Suisse Wealth Management. Your personal data will be
processed in accordance with the Credit Suisse privacy statement accessible at your domicile through the official Credit
Suisse website . In order to provide you with marketing materials concerning our products and services, UBS Group AG
and its subsidiaries may process your basic personal data (i.e. contact details such as name, e-mail address) until you notify
us that you no longer wish to receive them. You can optout from receiving these materials at any time by informing your
Relationship Manager.
Except as otherwise specified herein and/or depending on the local Credit Suisse entity from which you are receiving this
report, this report is distributed by UBS Switzerland AG, authorised and regulated by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory
Authority (FINMA).
Version A/2025. CIO82652744
© UBS 2025. The key symbol and UBS are among the registered and unregistered trademarks of UBS. All rights reserved.

19

http://www.ubs.com/research-methodology
https://www.ubs.com/global/en/wealthmanagement/insights/chief-investment-office/country-disclaimer-gr.html

