
For UBS Marketing purposes

Trading Idea IF

UBS ETF (CH) Gold (USD)
23 June 2025, 10:53 UTC, written by Jon Andrea Barblan, Jonas Schneider

Our Chief Investment Office (CIO) expects gold to build on its gains in 2025. Lower interest rates, persistent
geopolitical risks, and US government debt concerns are contributing to robust central bank and investor
buying.

The fund invests in physical gold in the form of standard bars between 1 gram and 12.5 kilograms (about 400 oz.). The
gold is kept in a high security vault of Switzerland.

The LBMA Gold Price index has direct participants who have been accredited to contribute. These are: Barclays Capital,
Bank of China, China Construction Bank, Goldman Sachs International, HSBC Bank USA NA, JP Morgan, Morgan Stanley,
Societe Generale, Standard Chartered, the Bank of Nova Scotia - ScotiaMocatta, the Toronto Dominion Bank and UBS.
The price setting is carried out twice daily via an electronic auction platform administrated by an independent third-party
provider, ICE Benchmark Administration (IBA). It provides a published benchmark price that is widely used as a pricing
medium by producers, consumers, investors and central banks.

The ETFs are available in USD, CHFhedged and EURhedged.

Risks: This UBS Exchange Traded Fund invests in gold and may therefore be subject to considerable fluctuations in value.
Investors should have an investment horizon of at least five years and corresponding risk tolerance and capacity. All capital
investments are subject to market fluctuations. Every fund has specific risks, which can significantly increase under unusual
market conditions. The main risk is that there is a lack of risk diversification due to the concentration of the investment in
gold. The fund's assets are passively managed. As a result, the net asset value of the fund's assets is directly dependent
on the performance of gold. Losses that could be avoided via active management (selling gold and increasing liquidity
ahead of expected price falls) will not be offset. Please refer to Key Information Document (KID) or the fund prospectus
for further details including information regarding risks and fees. Past performance is no indication of future results.



For UBS Marketing purposes

The above information is for marketing purposes and should not be considered as personal investment advice.

Disclaimer
This document is prepared and published by the Global Wealth Management business of UBS Switzerland AG (regulated by
FINMA in Switzerland), its subsidiaries or its affiliates ("UBS"), part of UBS Group AG ("UBS Group"). UBS Group includes former
Credit Suisse AG, its subsidiaries, branches and affiliates. In the USA, UBS Financial Services Inc. is a subsidiary of UBS AG and a
member of FINRA/SIPC. Additional Disclaimer relevant to Credit Suisse Wealth Management follows at the end of this section.
This document and the information contained herein are provided solely for your information and UBS marketing
purposes. Nothing in this document constitutes investment research, investment advice, a sales prospectus, or an offer or
solicitation to engage in any investment activities. This document is not a recommendation to buy or sell any security, investment
instrument, or product, and does not recommend any specific investment program or service.
Information contained in this document has not been tailored to the specific investment objectives, personal and financial
circumstances, or particular needs of any individual client. Certain investments referred to in this document may not be suitable
or appropriate for all investors. In addition, certain services and products referred to in the document may be subject to legal
restrictions and/or license or permission requirements and cannot therefore be offered worldwide on an unrestricted basis. No
offer of any product will be made in any jurisdiction in which the offer, solicitation, or sale is not permitted, or to any person
to whom it is unlawful to make such offer, solicitation, or sale.
Although all information and opinions expressed in this document were obtained in good faith from sources believed to be
reliable, no representation or warranty, express or implied, is made as to the document’s accuracy, sufficiency, completeness or
reliability. All information and opinions expressed in this document are subject to change without notice and may differ from
opinions expressed by other business areas or divisions of UBS Group. UBS is under no obligation to update or keep current the
information contained herein. The views and opinions expressed in this material by third parties are not those of UBS.
Accordingly, UBS does not accept any liability over the content shared by third parties or any claims, losses or damages arising
from the use or reliance of all or any part thereof.
All pictures or images ("images") herein are for illustrative, informative or documentary purposes only and may depict objects or
elements which are protected by third party copyright, trademarks and other intellectual property rights. Unless expressly stated,
no relationship, association, sponsorship or endorsement is suggested or implied between UBS and these third parties.
Any charts and scenarios contained in the document are for illustrative purposes only. Some charts and/or performance figures
may not be based on complete 12-month periods which may reduce their comparability and significance. Historical performance
is no guarantee for, and is not an indication of future performance.
Nothing in this document constitutes legal or tax advice. UBS and its employees do not provide legal or tax advice. This document
may not be redistributed or reproduced in whole or in part without the prior written permission of UBS. To the extent permitted
by the law, neither UBS, nor any of it its directors, officers, employees or agents accepts or assumes any liability, responsibility or
duty of care for any consequences, including any loss or damage, of you or anyone else acting, or refraining to act, in reliance
on the information contained in this document or for any decision based on it.
Additional Disclaimer relevant to Credit Suisse Wealth Management: Except as otherwise specified herein and/or
depending on the local entity from which you are receiving this document, this document is distributed by UBS Switzerland AG,
authorised and regulated by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority (FINMA). Your personal data will be processed
in accordance with the Credit Suisse privacy statement accessible at your domicile through the official Credit Suisse website
https://www.credit-suisse.com. In order to provide you with marketing materials concerning our products and services, UBS
Group AG and its subsidiaries may process your basic personal data (i.e. contact details such as name, e-mail address) until you
notify us that you no longer wish to receive them. You can optout from receiving these materials at any time by informing your
Relationship Manager.
Please visit https://www.ubs.com/global/en/wealth-management/insights/chief-investment-office/marketing-material-
disclaimer.html to read the full legal disclaimer applicable to this document.
© UBS 2025. The key symbol and UBS are among the registered and unregistered trademarks of UBS. All rights reserved.

https://www.credit-suisse.com/
https://www.ubs.com/global/en/wealth-management/insights/chief-investment-office/marketing-material-disclaimer.html
https://www.ubs.com/global/en/wealth-management/insights/chief-investment-office/marketing-material-disclaimer.html

	Important Disclosures

