
For UBS Marketing purposes

Trading Idea IF

UBS Rockefeller Ocean
Engagement Fund
18 June 2025, 12:06 UTC, written by Jon Andrea Barblan, Jonas Schneider

The transition to a blue economy represents new and shifting revenues and costs. The United Nations High
Seas Treaty signaled a major breakthrough and accelerated regulations which put existing revenue lines under
threat. Investment opportunities arise as business models adapt to this new world. Being an early mover in
innovative new markets can provide companies with the opportunity to set the price and to capture a larger
market share. In addition, engagement with companies offers investors an avenue to push for change as part
of the blue economy transition.

One of our solutions to invest in the blue economy is the UBS Rockefeller Ocean Engagement Fund. This solution
offers the following characteristics:

• Actively managed equity fund that invests globally in companies exposed to the CIO blue economy long term
investment theme

• Concentrated portfolio of ~50 high conviction stocks with a small and mid-cap focus

• Seeks to generate returns and create positive change for ocean health via a consistent investment and shareholder
engagement process

• Harnesses the ocean expertise of Rockefeller Asset Management and The Ocean Foundation (leading global Ocean
NGO)

• Engagement approach purely within the blue economy theme results in differentiated investment proposition



For UBS Marketing purposes

• Provides access to market leading UBS GWM CIO research and Rockefeller Asset Management portfolio management
capabilities

Risks: The fund invests in equities and may therefore experience significant fluctuations in value, particularly in the short
term. The underlying strategy might be tilted towards small capitalized, growing companies. These investments are typically
subject to higher fluctuations in price. Focusing intentionally on stocks within a certain theme may come with further risks
i.e. a concentration on a specific sector or style. As the fund pursues an active management style, the performance of the
fund can deviate significantly from that of its reference index. The fund can use derivatives, which may result in additional
counterparty and liquidity risks associated with derivative transactions. A portion of the sub-fund could be invested in
less liquid instruments whose prices could fluctuate in certain market conditions. Additional information about these and
other risks can be found in the prospectus and the KID document. Past performance is no indication of future results.

The above information is for marketing purposes and should not be considered as personal investment advice.

Disclaimer
This document is prepared and published by the Global Wealth Management business of UBS Switzerland AG (regulated by
FINMA in Switzerland), its subsidiaries or its affiliates ("UBS"), part of UBS Group AG ("UBS Group"). UBS Group includes former
Credit Suisse AG, its subsidiaries, branches and affiliates. In the USA, UBS Financial Services Inc. is a subsidiary of UBS AG and a
member of FINRA/SIPC. Additional Disclaimer relevant to Credit Suisse Wealth Management follows at the end of this section.
This document and the information contained herein are provided solely for your information and UBS marketing
purposes. Nothing in this document constitutes investment research, investment advice, a sales prospectus, or an offer or
solicitation to engage in any investment activities. This document is not a recommendation to buy or sell any security, investment
instrument, or product, and does not recommend any specific investment program or service.
Information contained in this document has not been tailored to the specific investment objectives, personal and financial
circumstances, or particular needs of any individual client. Certain investments referred to in this document may not be suitable
or appropriate for all investors. In addition, certain services and products referred to in the document may be subject to legal
restrictions and/or license or permission requirements and cannot therefore be offered worldwide on an unrestricted basis. No
offer of any product will be made in any jurisdiction in which the offer, solicitation, or sale is not permitted, or to any person
to whom it is unlawful to make such offer, solicitation, or sale.
Although all information and opinions expressed in this document were obtained in good faith from sources believed to be
reliable, no representation or warranty, express or implied, is made as to the document’s accuracy, sufficiency, completeness or
reliability. All information and opinions expressed in this document are subject to change without notice and may differ from
opinions expressed by other business areas or divisions of UBS Group. UBS is under no obligation to update or keep current the
information contained herein. The views and opinions expressed in this material by third parties are not those of UBS.
Accordingly, UBS does not accept any liability over the content shared by third parties or any claims, losses or damages arising
from the use or reliance of all or any part thereof.
All pictures or images ("images") herein are for illustrative, informative or documentary purposes only and may depict objects or
elements which are protected by third party copyright, trademarks and other intellectual property rights. Unless expressly stated,
no relationship, association, sponsorship or endorsement is suggested or implied between UBS and these third parties.
Any charts and scenarios contained in the document are for illustrative purposes only. Some charts and/or performance figures
may not be based on complete 12-month periods which may reduce their comparability and significance. Historical performance
is no guarantee for, and is not an indication of future performance.
Nothing in this document constitutes legal or tax advice. UBS and its employees do not provide legal or tax advice. This document
may not be redistributed or reproduced in whole or in part without the prior written permission of UBS. To the extent permitted
by the law, neither UBS, nor any of it its directors, officers, employees or agents accepts or assumes any liability, responsibility or
duty of care for any consequences, including any loss or damage, of you or anyone else acting, or refraining to act, in reliance
on the information contained in this document or for any decision based on it.
Additional Disclaimer relevant to Credit Suisse Wealth Management: Except as otherwise specified herein and/or
depending on the local entity from which you are receiving this document, this document is distributed by UBS Switzerland AG,
authorised and regulated by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority (FINMA). Your personal data will be processed
in accordance with the Credit Suisse privacy statement accessible at your domicile through the official Credit Suisse website
https://www.credit-suisse.com. In order to provide you with marketing materials concerning our products and services, UBS
Group AG and its subsidiaries may process your basic personal data (i.e. contact details such as name, e-mail address) until you
notify us that you no longer wish to receive them. You can optout from receiving these materials at any time by informing your
Relationship Manager.

https://www.credit-suisse.com/


For UBS Marketing purposes

Please visit https://www.ubs.com/global/en/wealth-management/insights/chief-investment-office/marketing-material-
disclaimer.html to read the full legal disclaimer applicable to this document.
© UBS 2025. The key symbol and UBS are among the registered and unregistered trademarks of UBS. All rights reserved.

https://www.ubs.com/global/en/wealth-management/insights/chief-investment-office/marketing-material-disclaimer.html
https://www.ubs.com/global/en/wealth-management/insights/chief-investment-office/marketing-material-disclaimer.html

	Important Disclosures

