
For UBS Marketing purposes

Trading Idea IF

Capital Group New Perspective
Fund
11 June 2025, 08:58 UTC, written by Jon Andrea Barblan, Jonas Schneider

Our Chief Investment Office (CIO) believes that after strong years for equities in 2023 and 2024, there is further
upside in 2025. CIO views the outlook for equities as constructive from a macroeconomic, structural, and
bottom-up perspective. The combination of resilient US growth and lower Fed rates has historically been a
powerful combination for stocks. However, managing the global equity exposure flexible is a very complex
task and we recommend delegating to the best equity managers available.

One of our solutions to invest in equities globally is the Capital Group New Perspective Fund. This fund offers the
following characteristics:

• Large research resources - Capital is one of the largest privately held investment management organizations in the
world with more than 80 years of investment experience.

• Unconstrained investing - The managers’ complementary investment approaches (multiple portfolio manager
investing autonomously) help create a well-diversified portfolio of around 200 – 250 holdings

• Long-term track record - Since its launch in 1973, the strategy has weathered many different market conditions
and has fared better than the broader market especially also in down markets.

• Access to top talent - Only experienced and successful Capital portfolio managers are assigned to co-manage this
large strategy.

• Diversification - As their main source of expected alpha is achieved through bottom-up stock selection, the
historical performance is well diversified through the different sectors.



For UBS Marketing purposes

• Attractively priced negotiated shareclasses for contracted clients

Risks: The fund invests in equities and is thus riskier than cash or bonds as price movements may fluctuate based on
market participants changing assessments of risks and opportunities for a specific company. The fund pursues an active
management style and hence performance can deviate from the broad equity market. The fund invest into equities in
different currencies which can impact the value of the investment. Additional information about these and other risks can
be found in the KID as well as in the prospectus of the fund. Past Performance is no indication of future results.

The above information is for marketing purposes and should not be considered as personal investment advice.

Disclaimer
This document is prepared and published by the Global Wealth Management business of UBS Switzerland AG (regulated by
FINMA in Switzerland), its subsidiaries or its affiliates ("UBS"), part of UBS Group AG ("UBS Group"). UBS Group includes former
Credit Suisse AG, its subsidiaries, branches and affiliates. In the USA, UBS Financial Services Inc. is a subsidiary of UBS AG and a
member of FINRA/SIPC. Additional Disclaimer relevant to Credit Suisse Wealth Management follows at the end of this section.
This document and the information contained herein are provided solely for your information and UBS marketing
purposes. Nothing in this document constitutes investment research, investment advice, a sales prospectus, or an offer or
solicitation to engage in any investment activities. This document is not a recommendation to buy or sell any security, investment
instrument, or product, and does not recommend any specific investment program or service.
Information contained in this document has not been tailored to the specific investment objectives, personal and financial
circumstances, or particular needs of any individual client. Certain investments referred to in this document may not be suitable
or appropriate for all investors. In addition, certain services and products referred to in the document may be subject to legal
restrictions and/or license or permission requirements and cannot therefore be offered worldwide on an unrestricted basis. No
offer of any product will be made in any jurisdiction in which the offer, solicitation, or sale is not permitted, or to any person
to whom it is unlawful to make such offer, solicitation, or sale.
Although all information and opinions expressed in this document were obtained in good faith from sources believed to be
reliable, no representation or warranty, express or implied, is made as to the document’s accuracy, sufficiency, completeness or
reliability. All information and opinions expressed in this document are subject to change without notice and may differ from
opinions expressed by other business areas or divisions of UBS Group. UBS is under no obligation to update or keep current the
information contained herein. The views and opinions expressed in this material by third parties are not those of UBS.
Accordingly, UBS does not accept any liability over the content shared by third parties or any claims, losses or damages arising
from the use or reliance of all or any part thereof.
All pictures or images ("images") herein are for illustrative, informative or documentary purposes only and may depict objects or
elements which are protected by third party copyright, trademarks and other intellectual property rights. Unless expressly stated,
no relationship, association, sponsorship or endorsement is suggested or implied between UBS and these third parties.
Any charts and scenarios contained in the document are for illustrative purposes only. Some charts and/or performance figures
may not be based on complete 12-month periods which may reduce their comparability and significance. Historical performance
is no guarantee for, and is not an indication of future performance.
Nothing in this document constitutes legal or tax advice. UBS and its employees do not provide legal or tax advice. This document
may not be redistributed or reproduced in whole or in part without the prior written permission of UBS. To the extent permitted
by the law, neither UBS, nor any of it its directors, officers, employees or agents accepts or assumes any liability, responsibility or
duty of care for any consequences, including any loss or damage, of you or anyone else acting, or refraining to act, in reliance
on the information contained in this document or for any decision based on it.
Additional Disclaimer relevant to Credit Suisse Wealth Management: Except as otherwise specified herein and/or
depending on the local entity from which you are receiving this document, this document is distributed by UBS Switzerland AG,
authorised and regulated by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority (FINMA). Your personal data will be processed
in accordance with the Credit Suisse privacy statement accessible at your domicile through the official Credit Suisse website
https://www.credit-suisse.com. In order to provide you with marketing materials concerning our products and services, UBS
Group AG and its subsidiaries may process your basic personal data (i.e. contact details such as name, e-mail address) until you
notify us that you no longer wish to receive them. You can optout from receiving these materials at any time by informing your
Relationship Manager.
Please visit https://www.ubs.com/global/en/wealth-management/insights/chief-investment-office/marketing-material-
disclaimer.html to read the full legal disclaimer applicable to this document.
© UBS 2025. The key symbol and UBS are among the registered and unregistered trademarks of UBS. All rights reserved.

https://www.credit-suisse.com/
https://www.ubs.com/global/en/wealth-management/insights/chief-investment-office/marketing-material-disclaimer.html
https://www.ubs.com/global/en/wealth-management/insights/chief-investment-office/marketing-material-disclaimer.html

	Important Disclosures

