
27 March 2025, 12:12 GMT
Chief Investment Office GWM
Investment Research

Fintech – Update
Longer Term Investments
 
 Authors: Sacha Holderegger, CFA, CIO Equity Sector Strategist, UBS Switzerland AG; Achille Monnet, CIO Equity Sector Strategist, UBS Switzerland AG

• The global fintech industry should continue its
rapid growth, largely driven by urbanization,
demand from younger generations, and favorable
regulation. The COVID-19 pandemic accelerated
many of these trends underpinning growth for
fintech companies.

• We expect revenues in the fintech industry to grow
at a double-digit annual rate over the rest of the
decade, expanding from USD 310 billion in 2024 to
USD 580 billion in 2030.

• Fintech should therefore provide solid long-term
investment opportunities, in our view. We prefer
leading payment players, platform companies and
disruptors in emerging technologies like distributed
ledgers, cloud and artificial intelligence.

Source: GettyImages

 
We would like to thank Xueqiong Huang and Marc Abad
Llonch for their contributions to this report.

Our view
In the rapidly evolving world of finance and technology,
"fintech" has emerged as a defining force of the
21st century. Short for "financial technology," fintech
represents, under our definition, the intersection of
innovation and finance, fueled by advancements in mobile
technology, artificial intelligence (AI), distributed ledgers,
cloud computing, and analytics (please refer also to
our last fintech update report, 23 July 2023). Unlike
traditional financial IT spending, which primarily focuses on
infrastructure and operational efficiency, fintech emphasizes
user-centric solutions, creating an ecosystem that redefines
how individuals and businesses interact with financial
services. At its core, fintech is about the digitalization of
financial services, transforming how we save, invest, insure,
and transact. Leveraging digital platforms, mobile apps, and
emerging technologies, fintech delivers seamless, efficient,
and inclusive financial solutions.

This report has been prepared by UBS Switzerland AG. Please see important disclaimers and disclosures at the end
of the document.



Longer Term Investments

The fintech ecosystem can be broadly categorized into six
major verticals (see fig. 1): (1) digital payments, (2) digital
lending, (3) insurtech, (4) digital banking (neobanks), (5)
wealthtech and (6) capital markets. Digital payments, by
far the largest vertical, has not only driven fintech's growth
for many years—accounting for about 27% of cumulative
equity funding over the last 5 years—but we also expect it
to remain the largest segment in 2030.

Fig. 1: Fintech equity funding (2020-2024)

Source: CB Insights, UBS as of March 2025

From an investment perspective, we think fintech represents
a compelling long-term theme, offering significant growth
opportunities within an increasingly favorable backdrop.
We estimate that the global fintech industry generated
revenues of approximately USD 310 billion in 2024 and
project that number to reach USD 580 billion by 2030, an
11% compound annual growth rate (see fig. 2). Growth will
likely be driven by strong customer demand as AI is expected
to drive automation and personalization, with embedded
finance enabling seamless integrations and open banking
fostering innovation through greater data accessibility and
interoperability. We see both demand as well as supply-side
catalysts as strong drivers for fintech growth.

Fig. 2: Fintech revenues (USD billion)

Source: UBS estimates, as of March 2025

Demand-side catalysts

The accelerating pace of urbanization and technological
adoption has created fertile ground for fintech innovation.
High-speed data networks such as 4G and 5G, combined
with the rise of the app economy, have enabled millions
of people—particularly in emerging markets—to access
financial services previously out of reach. Fintech solutions
like mobile payments and micro-insurance have been
transformative, addressing the needs of underbanked and
unbanked populations.

Millennials, a generation of digital natives (born in
1981-1996), are another critical driver of fintech demand.
Representing over 20% of the global population and USD
22 trillion or 13% in private wealth in the US alone (see fig.
3), it is this generation that will benefit most from the great
wealth transfer we expect to see in the next 25 years. From
a fintech perspective, this is relevant because millennials
prioritize convenience, personalization, and digital-first
experiences. These preferences align seamlessly with fintech
offerings such as digital wallets and personalized investment
platforms tailored to unique financial goals.

Fig. 3: US assets by generation (in USD trillion)

Source: Survey of US Cons. Finances and Financial Accounts, as of 2Q24

2



Longer Term Investments

Finally, regulatory frameworks worldwide are also becoming
increasingly supportive of fintech. Governments recognize
the potential of digital finance to foster competition,
improve access to financial services, and enhance
innovation. Global cash usage today stands at around 80%
of 2019 levels and continues to decrease by 4% a year as
electronic payments displace cash, for example by instant-
payment platforms like India’s Unified Payments Interface
(UPI) and Brazil’s Pix. We see this as a big opportunity for
digitization as around USD 26 trillion of global payments are
still made in cash.

Supply-side catalysts
The supply side of the fintech ecosystem is equally dynamic,
with technology firms and incumbent financial institutions
competing for leadership in the digital finance space.
Technology companies have disrupted traditional sectors
by introducing innovative solutions like proximity-based
digital wallets and app-based payments, addressing unmet
consumer needs while creating new revenue streams in
areas such as e-commerce and social networking.

Meanwhile, traditional financial institutions are embracing
fintech as a strategic imperative. Facing the risk
of disintermediation, many banks and insurers have
established innovation labs, forged partnerships with
startups, and invested in proprietary fintech solutions. By
leveraging their extensive customer bases and distribution
networks, these incumbents aim to combine the agility of
startups with the trust and scale of established brands.

Fintech at an inflection point
Fintech is at a pivotal juncture. Generative AI is
expected to drive the next wave of industry growth by
enhancing customer experiences, automating operations,
and unlocking new business opportunities. While the
industry faced headwinds in 2023 and 2024—marked by
rising interest rates, a challenging funding environment with
funding declining by more than 75% from 2021 peak,
and a complex regulatory landscape—these challenges
have led to a shift toward operational efficiency and
sustainable growth. This is also expressed in a survey by the
Cambridge Centre for Alternative Finance which showed
that fintech companies see, besides macroeconomic factors,
an unfavorable regulatory environment and a poor funding
landscape as their primary challenges hindering growth.

Looking ahead to 2025, we believe the fintech landscape
is set to improve further. Interest rates are expected to be
lower by year-end, while funding conditions seem to have
stabilized, as evidenced by 4Q24 equity funding volumes.
At the same time, regulators and policymakers worldwide
are taking steps to balance innovation with consumer

protection and risk mitigation, creating a more conducive
environment for fintech activities.

The following sections will explore the drivers, opportunities,
and challenges that we think will shape the future of fintech,
with a focus on key themes such as payments, insurtech,
and neobanks.

Recent developments
Over the last 2 years, fintech has benefited from
many market developments and innovations. In particular,
embedded finance and AI are two major themes. With
regards to embedded finance, platforms such as Shopify
and Uber have added ancillary banking services to their
platforms. Shopify for instance offers capital accounts,
working capital loans, credit cards, and tax solutions, with
units like Shopify Capital providing quick funding up to USD
2 million based on a merchant's sales history. The ability to
underwrite loans and control credit risk is enabled by the
company's access to high quality, unique, and incremental
data. Thus far, the product line has been a big success story
for Shopify with risks well controlled. Generative AI brings
benefits in the form of more efficient operations through
coding and customer care innovation. Improvements in
fraud prevention and automated workflow as a result of
advanced machine learning are also improving costs to
serve.

Other practical developments include the launch of FedNow
by the Federal Reserve in July 2023. This created a real-
time payment system that enables both businesses and
consumers to instantly settle funds, marking the first
new payments system launch in the US in decades. Such
advancements create more business for fintech providers
to capture in the payments ecosystem. Several Bitcoin ETFs
were also launched in late 2023 and 2024 after the SEC
began to ease its regulatory stance. This innovation further
democratized Bitcoin and cryptocurrencies, allowing more
individuals to participate in the market and bolstering the
asset class's credibility with improved regulatory acceptance.
President Trump's reelection is seen as another vote of
confidence in cryptocurrencies given his vocal support. The
president has also established crypto-specific roles such
as an AI and crypto czar and replaced the previous SEC
chairman with Paul Atkins, who is widely viewed as more
supportive of digital currencies and blockchain relative to
his predecessor and is likely to be confirmed by the senate
in March. Furthermore, stablecoins have found use cases
in cross-border transactions as they are typically cheaper
alternatives to the SWIFT payment rails. Platforms like
JPMorgan’s Onyx platform leverage stablecoins for real-time
settlement .

3



Longer Term Investments

Five predictions for 2025
In 2024, the global fintech market continued to encounter
challenges. The Banking and Capital Markets verticals were
the only two that experienced any growth. However, signs
of stabilization are emerging. Funding declines have slowed
and 4Q saw a rebound in activity and M&A exits. Looking
ahead, we think strong secular growth drivers and a stable
macroeconomic environment with lower interest rates and
steadier fund flows suggest fintech funding should recover
from the 2023-24 downturn.

1. More sustainable, profitable growth: Fintechs are
shifting from aggressive growth to profitability, driven by
higher rates. This has improved productivity and strategic
focus. To illustrate this, the six largest UK neobanks
(Revolut, Shawbrook, Chase UK, OakNorth, Monzo and
Starling) reported an average return on equity of 15% in
2023, up from 3% in 2022.

2. AI-powered personalization: AI will enhance financial
services through personalized banking, fraud detection,
and operational efficiency, becoming a key growth driver.

3. Bank consolidation in the US and Europe is a
potential driver for fintech: Regulatory pressure and
digitalization will further drive M&A, especially among
the smallest banks. Evidence shows that smaller banks
with lower IT budgets are more likely to make fintech
acquisitions while bigger banks will develop it in-house
(source: Journal of Financial Services Research, “Banks
and fintech acquisitions”, 11.01.2023).

4. Lower regulatory barriers: Regulatory easing,
particularly in the UK and US, will benefit fintechs.
However, we do not expect this to be a one-way street.
The EU for example is pushing for more regulation, such
as the Digital Operational Resilience Act (DORA) and the
EU AI Act.

5. Heightened capital markets activity could attract
new investors: The second half of 2024 marked a
turning point for capital markets activity, with ECM
volumes in 4Q reaching the highest levels since the end
of 2021, driven by a surge in IPOs. This bodes well for
major fintech companies like Klarna, Chime, and eToro
to pursue IPOs throughout 2025.

Selected focus areas

Digital payments

Payments form the largest subsector within fintech. We
expect its market size based on revenue to exceed USD 200
billion by 2030 from USD 125 billion in 2024 (see figure 4).
This sector has also evolved into one of the most dynamic
areas of fintech due to advancements in technology, the
growth of digital payments over e-commerce, and changing
consumer expectations. The complexity of payments is
only increasing given this changing technological landscape
and customer expectations, through innovations such as
peer-to-per payments, omnichannel payment integration, e-
commerce penetration and financial innovations like buy-
now-pay-later. In fact, for many years, the US was not
deemed a potential market for leading digital payments
processor Adyen since the level of complexity was not
high enough to warrant their more effective integrated
solution for merchants. The structural change from that
demonstrates the growing market for fintech payments
as they solve increasingly complex pain points. The key
drivers that we see for payments include the continued
growth of smartphones (enabling wallets and new payment
flows), AI and machine learning (supporting advanced fraud
detection), blockchains (which introduce decentralized and
secure payments), the globalization of commerce and online
shopping, and changing consumer expectations.

Fig. 4: Digital payments market
(revenues in USD billion)

Source: UBS estimates, as of March 2025

As the payments industry matures, business model and
technology innovations continue to drive growth rates
above GDP levels. We expect leading fintech businesses
to out-innovate the slow-moving traditional banking sector
and as a result, we see structural growth in the penetration
of fintech within global legacy banking. One of the
most material trends is the rise of embedded finance,
where financial services like payments, lending, insurance,
and banking are integrated directly into non-financial
platforms such as Shopify, eBay, and Uber. Embedded
finance is enabled by advancements in APIs and the
proliferation of digital platforms, both domains where
fintech payments have a natural advantage over traditional

4



Longer Term Investments

providers. According to McKinsey, the embedded finance
market in Europe generated an estimated EUR 20-30 billion
in Europe in 2023, or about 3% of total banking revenues.
Moreover, overall embedded finance volumes grew nearly
3x faster than traditional banking loans. Embedded finance
can also enhance customer experience with frictionless
and instant settlements, increased revenue streams for
non-financial companies (for instance Shopify Capital has
facilitated over USD 4 billion in loans since its inception),
and cost efficiencies as platforms can more seamlessly
integrate solutions through APIs to avoid the need for
costly partnerships and higher fee traditional banking
infrastructure. As the trend matures, we expect embedded
finance to touch an increasing number of industries,
such as health care or real estate, via industry/vertical
specific offerings. Platforms such as Toast have already been
developed in the software-as-a-service (SaaS) industry, for
instance. Embedded payments through SaaS platforms have
gained significant traction as operating companies benefit
from the simplicity and synergies in having payments routed
through their underlying software provider. We expect this
to be a dependable trend with the US leading the transition
and other regions likely following suit. Indeed, within the
e-commerce market for SMBs, embedded finance through
SaaS platforms has close to 70% penetration in the US,
followed by the EU at 45% (see figure 5).

Software payments and embedded finance penetration for
Point-of-Sale lag further behind e-commerce, as shown in
Figure 6. The greatest opportunity once again lies in the EU,
where banks remain by far the largest route for payments
(representing 55% out of the remaining 80% in the "Other
channels" section of Figure 6). This represents a significant
opportunity for fintech players as their integrated platforms
with less technical debts can drive a true value proposition
relative to traditional payment rails. Furthermore, we expect
embedded finance to converge with other innovations such
as generative AI or blockchain to further drive revenue
and margins. Over time, regulatory considerations will likely
gain in importance as the penetration of embedded finance
grows. Regulators may seek additional transparency, data
privacy, and customer protection rights to name a few.
Overall, we see embedded finance as a strong positive driver
for payments.

Within embedded finance, we further highlight the growth
of Buy Now, Pay Later (BNPL) solutions since the COVID
pandemic. The benefits of BNPL are multi-fold, including
additional flexibility from splitting payments over several
months at low interest rates, increased sales to merchants as
more flexible payment options drives conversion, and finally
improved accessibility for consumers. Having said that,
challenges such as the over-indebtedness of low credit score

consumers and a lack of regulatory oversight may limit the
proliferation of BNPL. We see BNPL as an attractive solution
if underwriting is appropriately risk managed, given BNPL
can add value to merchants and is positioned to capture
market share. One leading BNPL firm, Klarna, confidentially
filled IPO documents with the SEC in November 2024 after
having achieved profitability in August 2024, another sign
of the industry's continued maturity.

Fig. 5: Embedded payments penetration within e-
commerce

ISV: Independent Software Vendors, SaaS: Software as a Service. Source:
Flagship Advisory Partners, UBS

5



Longer Term Investments

Fig. 6: Embedded payments penetration within
point-of-sale

ISV: Independent Software Vendors, SaaS: Software as a Service. Source:
Flagship Advisory Partners, UBS

As commerce has become more globalized and digitized,
the use and importance of global payments and cross-
border transactions have risen. E-commerce platforms such
as Shopify integrate with payment providers like Stripe,
Adyen, and PayPal to facilitate global sales and allow
merchants to accept multiple currencies and payment
methods. The demand for real-time cross-border payments
has also risen as traditional cross-border systems like SWIFT
are costly, slow, and opaque. Examples such as Visa Direct
or Mastercard Send enable real-time cross-border payments,
improving efficiency and liquidity. Moreover, open banking
regulations, such as the Payments Services Directive 2
(PSD2) introduced in 2018 in Europe encourage further
innovation in global payments by enabling third-party access
to financial data and infrastructure.

Any report written following the "ChatGPT moment" in
November 2022 must include a discussion on generative AI
and the benefits it brings. With regards to payments, we see
several major benefits. For instance, we expect numerous
cost to serve benefits as AI models can help analyze large
datasets to detect anomalies, predict fraud, and enhance
credit risk assessments. Visa uses models to simulate
potential fraud scenarios, improving the detection of
irregularities in real time. On the operations side, generative
AI has already scaled effective solutions for customer care,
coding, and workflow automation. We expect competitively
differentiated operators to retain these benefits and capture
the economic value add. As an example, Klarna’s internally

developed AI chatbot assistant is reported to already be
handling about two-thirds of customer services chats, the
equivalent work of 700 full-time agents. This has driven
EUR 40 million of cost savings for the firm. We also
envision a steady state where personalized financial advice
can be widely available with healthy operating leverage for
providers. By understanding customer data and suitability at
a granular level with generative AI, individualized solutions
can be made more accessible and cost effective.

Finally, we see central bank digital currencies (CBDC)
and blockchain as potential sources of innovation and
market growth within payments. CBDCs are digital forms
of national currencies issued and regulated by central
banks. CBDCs can significantly reduce transaction costs,
especially with cross-border payments, enable banking
services to more unbanked individuals, and provide central
banks with more direct control over money supply. As an
example, the Bahamas launched the Sand Dollar CBDC
for all residents, including those in remote islands. This
has helped drive deeper financial inclusion and accessibility
to banking services. Blockchain, as a distributed ledger,
should be able to enable faster and cheaper payments by
eliminating intermediaries due the almost immutable nature
of its ledger. RippleNet, for instance, uses blockchain to
enable fast, cost-effective cross border payments. Firms such
as American Express and PNC Bank have partnered with
Ripple to enable faster international transfers. We expect
the overall payments landscape to continue to evolve and
digitize, creating ample opportunities for leading fintech
incumbents.

Neobanks
Neobanks, which operate without traditional physical
branches and exist purely online, have demonstrated their
ability to disrupt the banking status quo. In pre-COVID years,
neobanks saw a myriad of new players attempt to capitalize
on a lucrative outlook. However, following the pre-COVID
gold rush, the number of neobanks has stabilized as the
industry matures (see Figure 7).

In particular, neobanks saw rapid customer growth as the
pandemic accelerated the shift to digital banking. However,
the rise in interest rates since 2022 has negatively affected
the general availability of funding and raised concerns about
the sustainability of the business models and its ability
to monetize a growing customer base. This challenging
environment has led to a pivot from a "growth at all costs"
strategy to profitable growth and sustainable operations.
While customer acquisition has slowed somewhat from the
pandemic's peak, revenue continue to grow at an impressive

6



Longer Term Investments

rate. According to Boston Consulting Group, neobanks
achieved a revenue CAGR of 78% from 2021 to 2023.

Fig. 7: Number of global neobanks

Source: Simon-Kucher (2023), UBS, as of March 2025

While neobanks enjoy a multitude of advantages, they
also face challenges such as competition from both other
neobank players and traditional banks, which have joined
the race by launching their own exclusively-digital plays.
Though some customers were attracted with the promise of
a better user experience, neobanks are still only in the early
stage of capturing primary banking relationships. According
to data from EY, more than three-quarters of consumers
in the largest European countries state that their primary
financial relationship is with a traditional bank. Similarly,
US consumers still predominantly use traditional banks for
primary banking relationships, with 59% of the 18-24 age
group and 93% of those over 65 doing so (see Figure 8).
Traditional banks today still have several advantages that
neobanks have yet to achieve, such as generations of trust,
a wider range of products, and established reputation.

Fig. 8: Primary banking relationships among US
consumers

Source: TD Cowen, UBS, as of March 2025

Use case: The road to profitability

Revolut is an illustrative example of an industry that evolves
quickly and is maturing at the same time. Focusing mostly
on growth, Revolut has been struggling with losses and
low profitability since its launch in 2015. It also faces
increasing pressure to comply with different regulatory
standards across multiple jurisdictions. As a result, Revolut
has prioritized operational excellence and broadened its
credit product offerings in the last few years into unsecured
personal loans, credit cards, and Buy Now Pay Later (BNPL).
As a result, its loan porfolio grew by 170% y/y in 2023,
though it still represents a small part of operations at
sub-4% of on balance sheet deposits. Revolut reported
profit after tax of GBP 344m in 2023, driven by a 94% y/
y increase in total income, which has grown 8x in the last
3 years.

Insurtech
We view insurtech as the intersection of financial and
technological innovation that transforms how insurers
operate. Insurtech is revolutionizing the insurance industry
by introducing advanced technologies that disrupt
traditional models, impacting both incumbents and clients.
For incumbents, insurtech drives the need for operational
efficiency and innovation, as startups leverage AI and data
analytics to automate processes and offer personalized
products. This forces traditional insurers to adopt similar
technologies and rethink their business models to stay
competitive. For clients, insurtech enhances the customer
experience by providing user-friendly digital platforms,
transparent pricing, and personalized insurance products.
The accessibility and cost efficiency can lead to greater client
satisfaction and loyalty, compelling traditional insurers to
improve their offerings (see Figure 9).

The impact of AI on the insurance sector
The adoption of artificial intelligence in the insurance
industry has led to significant improvements in operational
efficiency and customer satisfaction. AI technologies can
help insurers automate processes such as claims handling.
According to McKinsey, automation could replace over 50%
of current claims activities by 2030. Additionally, AI-powered
chatbots and virtual assistants provide immediate assistance,
enhancing customer service. Ultimately, integrating AI not
only reduces operational costs but also fosters innovation,
allowing insurance companies to adapt to evolving client
demands.

One of the critical areas where AI is making a substantial
impact is in combating insurance fraud. The total cost of
insurance fraud in the US, excluding health insurance, is
estimated to exceed USD 40 billion annually, costing the
average family between USD 400-700 per year in the form

7



Longer Term Investments

of increased premiums. By leveraging machine learning
algorithms, insurers can analyze extensive datasets to detect
fraudulent activities and optimize underwriting procedures.

Fig. 9: Insurtech value chain

Source: UBS, as of March 2025

Use case: Lemonade
Lemonade serves as a prime example of how insurtech
companies are redefining the traditional insurance industry
through technology and customer-centric innovation. With
its AI-driven platform, Lemonade enables customers to
purchase renters, homeowners, pet, or life insurance in
minutes using a chatbot that simplifies complex processes.
A notable use case is its claims process: If a policyholder’s
bike is stolen, they can file a claim via the Lemonade
app by answering a few questions and providing evidence,
such as a video description. Lemonade’s AI assesses the
claim almost instantly, reimbursing the customer within
hours. By combining AI, behavioural economics, and a
socially conscious approach, Lemonade demonstrates how
insurtech companies can deliver faster, fairer, and more
ethical insurance solutions.

Innovations beyond AI in the insurance industry
Beyond AI advancements, the insurance sector is embracing
innovation through digital tools and platforms that enhance
efficiency and customer engagement. Technologies such as

blockchain facilitate secure data sharing and the execution
of smart contracts, promoting transparency and reducing
administrative overhead. Furthermore, wearable devices
and IoT sensors are employed for real-time risk monitoring
across various domains, including health, automotive, and
property insurance. These innovations empower insurers
to implement usage-based models, such as pay-as-you-
go or pay-how-you-drive policies. Supported by cloud
computing and advanced analytics, the insurance landscape
is becoming more agile, accessible, and focused on
customer-centric solutions.

Use case: Addressing climate change risks
As the frequency and severity of extreme weather
events linked to climate change escalate, insurers are
increasingly leveraging artificial intelligence to strengthen
their risk management strategies regarding natural
disasters. According to Aon, economic losses from natural
catastrophes reached USD 380 billion in 2023, of which
69% were uninsured. Insurers are adopting AI-driven
solutions, such as early warning systems and home
monitoring devices, to help customers mitigate risks. These
technologies provide timely notifications about potential
disasters and enable insurers to analyze data patterns for
a deeper understanding of risk exposure. By proactively
addressing these challenges, insurers can minimize overall
losses, enhance customer experiences, and better protect
their clients' assets and families, illustrating the critical role
AI plays in adapting to the evolving landscape of natural
catastrophe risks.

Fintech and the SDGs
Technology has reshaped the global financial landscape,
with a diverse range of disruptive technologies that
challenge the way traditional institutions conduct business
across various verticals. At its heart, fintech has the potential
to dramatically expand access while lowering transaction
costs and speed. This can be catalytic for financial
empowerment, especially in emerging markets where
structural challenges such as infrastructure limitations,
inhibitive costs or endemic social norms may restrict access
to financial services.

There is strong evidence that the provision of digital financial
services has a significant impact on women’s economic
empowerment (source: Suri and Jack 2016, Field et al
2019) across diverse markets, with further strategic impact
on other sustainable development goals, including, for
example, access to nutrition and health services, or social
and occupational mobility.

8



Longer Term Investments

The potential for positive social impact varies depending
on the vertical, the target market, and most importantly
the intentionality and strategic policies of the service
developer/provider. Some examples include robo-advisors
widely expanding the investment opportunity set for
mass consumers, mobile banking and digital wallets
eliminating infrastructure bottlenecks in emerging markets,
and insurtech providing social safety nets for those most in
need. These are just some examples that have collectively
improved financial stability for the bottom of pyramid savers
and borrowers in the global economy.

Secondarily, fintech is both a result of, and an enabler for,
increasing data transparency that is driving industry progress
within finance. Sustainable investing, for example, is itself
possible given the dramatic increase in data availability
around companies business and social practices. The
integration of climate models and geospatial data is critical
to how climate risk reporting standards are evolving today.
Meanwhile, blockchain and distributed ledger technologies
have the potential to improve financial accountability and
traceability.

For this reason, we see fintech as an investment theme,
to have alignment potential to the UN Sustainable
Development Goal 1: No poverty, in particular to the
underlying target 1.4, which explicitly mentions the
opportunity in financial inclusion. We also see fintech
playing a secondary supporting role in delivering target
1.5, which aims to improve economic resilience to climate
risk. Investors who wish to seek greater alignment, or
potential contribution to the SDGs, should carefully consider
investment solutions or opportunities from a bottom-up
perspective.

At the same time, fintech is not without sustainability risks.
By definition, it is built on digital technology, and therefore
exposed to similar risks in data privacy and cybersecurity,
or algorithmic bias, for example. This also affects the
potency of fintech as a driver for sustainable development,
it can only go where tech goes, so ultimately it remains
constrained by the persistent-infrastructure or social gaps
contributing to the digital divide (lingering penetration gap
between DM and EM, for one). Finally, as the regulatory
landscape continues to rapidly evolve, so too will fintech
business models and more importantly their effectiveness in
delivering SDG solutions.
Stephanie Choi, Sustainable Investing Strategist

Investment implications
Fintech provides both opportunities and risks to incumbents.
Companies that embrace technology and are flexible about

adjusting their business models should outperform their
peers, in our view. With double-digit revenue growth
annually and moderate margin expansion due to rising scale
benefits, we expect our fintech theme to report low- to
mid-teens earnings growth over the next few years. Based
on our forecast of annual double-digit earnings growth
by 2030, fintech should be one of the fastest-growing
industries globally. In our view, payment industry leaders,
technology companies launching disruptive fintech services,
and incumbent financial corporations with a clear fintech
strategy should benefit the most from the theme. Also, we
believe companies that are able to create platforms with
network effects around emerging technologies, like AI and
machine learning, distributed ledger, cloud and analytics,
are potential winners.

Risks
We believe key downside risks include, but are not limited
to:
• Tighter regulations around fintech that could slow

down industry growth. As highlighted earlier, favorable
regulations are a key growth driver for the industry, as
the need for financial inclusion is forcing governments to
promote fintech. A tighter regulatory environment may
therefore worsen fintech's growth prospects.

• Deflationary pricing continuing for longer than expected,
resulting in margin pressure.

• Data privacy and consumer protection concerns. As
fintech companies leverage data to provide a wide
range of financial services, any potential data breach or
cyber crime is a risk. Both fraud and hacker intrusion
not only causes monetary loss, they also violate the
privacy of users which is a major concern. (Our other
Longer Term Investment theme "Security and safety"
highlights opportunities from the broader trend of
rising spending on cybersecurity.) Also, lower consumer
protection compared to traditional products can slow
down adoption.

• The emerging nature of fintech, which means the
potential list of winners will likely be very dynamic
and should continue to evolve. Hence, investors should
broaden their exposure when investing in the theme.

Key upside risks are more M&A transactions than expected,
which would raise the valuations of the industry, and more
favorable regulations, which would likely facilitate fintech
adoption, particularly in emerging markets.

Reference list

9



Longer Term Investments

In the following we describe our screening process. To
select the stocks in this list, we used the FactSet business
classification system (RBICS), which uses a bottom-up
approach to classify companies according to the products
and services they provide. Out of more than 1,900
subsectors in the FactSet RBICS classification, 16 are in
the scope of our investment theme. We filtered the 16
subsectors for stocks that have at least 25% sales exposure
(calculated as the sum of individual sales exposures across
all 16 subsectors, equal to or exceeding 25%). We excluded
those with a market capitalization of less than USD 2bn.
Please note that this list is only for reference and is
not a recommendation list. Sixteen FactSet subsectors:
Electronic Payment Processing, Credit Cards, Internet
Department Stores, Cryptocurrency Trading and Exchanges,
Multinational Internet Banks, Securities Sales and Trading
Services, General Consumer Finance Services, Insurance
Software, Alternative Exchanges and ECNs, Money Transfer
Services, Commercial Bank and Credit Union Software, Peer-
to-Peer Lending, Middle East and Africa Wireless Telecom
Services, Mixed Electronic Transaction Processing, United
States Internet Banks, Market Makers and Specialists.

Sustainable considerations
In line with UBS GWM SI securities definitions, we
apply three filters to assess companies relevance to
sustainable investing: the promotion of environmental or
social characteristics (positive selection), good governance
(exclusion), and the ability to do no significant harm
(exclusion). For the positive selection criteria, to identify
ESG Thematic attributes we screen for above-industry
performance in the responsible management of production
and sourcing practices, as well as evidence of revenues
aligned to sustainable goals as defined by Sustainalytics.
At the same time, we recognize that ESG Leaders in
strategic sectors; may play a catalytic role in accelerating
sustainable development, as adopters or investors in critical
new technologies. To identify ESG Leaders, we screen
for top performing companies in overall sustainability
management as captured by our UBS SI Headline score.
We further exclude bottom-performing companies on the
topics of governance and people, to establish a baseline for
good governance. Finally, we exclude bottom-performing
companies on the topics of climate change, water, and
pollution and waste, as well as companies with controversial
business activities and history of controversial incidents, to
avoid those that cause significant harm.

10



Longer Term Investments

Table 1: Fintech companies' reference list
This not a list of recommendations. The following companies meet UBS SI definitions to be considered as a company with
thematic attributes, and most relevant to sustainable investing solutions:

Source: Factset, UBS, as of 6 March 2025. For more details about the screening process please see our reference list
methodology.

11



Longer Term Investments

Table 2: Fintech companies' reference list - part 1
This is not a list of recommendations. The following companies meet our screen's criteria for inclusion on the reference list,
but either do not qualify or do not report the necessary data to meet the additional SI criteria outlined above.

Source: Factset, UBS, as of 6 March 2025. For more details about the screening process please see our reference list
methodology.

12



Longer Term Investments

Table 2: Fintech companies' reference list - part 2
This is not a list of recommendations. The following companies meet our screen's criteria for inclusion on
the reference list, but either do not qualify or do not report the necessary data to meet the additional SI
criteria outlined above.

Source: Factset, UBS, as of 6 March 2025. For more details about the screening process please see our reference list
methodology.

13



Longer Term Investments

Appendix

Risk information
UBS Chief Investment Office's ("CIO") investment views are prepared and published by the Global Wealth Management
business of UBS Switzerland AG (regulated by FINMA in Switzerland) or its affiliates ("UBS"), part of UBS Group AG ("UBS
Group"). UBS Group includes former Credit Suisse AG, its subsidiaries, branches and affiliates. Additional disclaimer relevant
to Credit Suisse Wealth Management follows at the end of this section.
The investment views have been prepared in accordance with legal requirements designed to promote the independence
of investment research.
Generic investment research – Risk information:
This publication is for your information only and is not intended as an offer, or a solicitation of an offer, to buy or sell
any investment or other specific product. The analysis contained herein does not constitute a personal recommendation or
take into account the particular investment objectives, investment strategies, financial situation and needs of any specific
recipient. It is based on numerous assumptions. Different assumptions could result in materially different results. Certain
services and products are subject to legal restrictions and cannot be offered worldwide on an unrestricted basis and/or may
not be eligible for sale to all investors. All information and opinions expressed in this document were obtained from sources
believed to be reliable and in good faith, but no representation or warranty, express or implied, is made as to its accuracy
or completeness (other than disclosures relating to UBS). All information and opinions as well as any forecasts, estimates
and market prices indicated are current as of the date of this report, and are subject to change without notice. Opinions
expressed herein may differ or be contrary to those expressed by other business areas or divisions of UBS as a result of
using different assumptions and/or criteria. UBS may utilise artificial intelligence tools (“AI Tools”) in the preparation of this
document. Notwithstanding any such use of AI Tools, this document has undergone human review.
In no circumstances may this document or any of the information (including any forecast, value, index or other calculated
amount ("Values")) be used for any of the following purposes (i) valuation or accounting purposes; (ii) to determine the
amounts due or payable, the price or the value of any financial instrument or financial contract; or (iii) to measure the
performance of any financial instrument including, without limitation, for the purpose of tracking the return or performance
of any Value or of defining the asset allocation of portfolio or of computing performance fees. By receiving this document
and the information you will be deemed to represent and warrant to UBS that you will not use this document or otherwise
rely on any of the information for any of the above purposes. UBS and any of its directors or employees may be entitled at
any time to hold long or short positions in investment instruments referred to herein, carry out transactions involving relevant
investment instruments in the capacity of principal or agent, or provide any other services or have officers, who serve as
directors, either to/for the issuer, the investment instrument itself or to/for any company commercially or financially affiliated
to such issuers. At any time, investment decisions (including whether to buy, sell or hold securities) made by UBS and its
employees may differ from or be contrary to the opinions expressed in UBS research publications. Some investments may not
be readily realizable since the market in the securities is illiquid and therefore valuing the investment and identifying the risk
to which you are exposed may be difficult to quantify. UBS relies on information barriers to control the flow of information
contained in one or more areas within UBS, into other areas, units, divisions or affiliates of UBS. Futures and options trading
is not suitable for every investor as there is a substantial risk of loss, and losses in excess of an initial investment may occur.
Past performance of an investment is no guarantee for its future performance. Additional information will be made available
upon request. Some investments may be subject to sudden and large falls in value and on realization you may receive back
less than you invested or may be required to pay more. Changes in foreign exchange rates may have an adverse effect on
the price, value or income of an investment. The analyst(s) responsible for the preparation of this report may interact with
trading desk personnel, sales personnel and other constituencies for the purpose of gathering, synthesizing and interpreting
market information.
Different areas, groups, and personnel within UBS Group may produce and distribute separate research products
independently of each other. For example, research publications from CIO are produced by UBS Global Wealth
Management. UBS Global Research is produced by UBS Investment Bank. Research methodologies and rating systems
of each separate research organization may differ, for example, in terms of investment recommendations, investment
horizon, model assumptions, and valuation methods. As a consequence, except for certain economic forecasts (for which
UBS CIO and UBS Global Research may collaborate), investment recommendations, ratings, price targets, and valuations
provided by each of the separate research organizations may be different, or inconsistent. You should refer to each relevant
research product for the details as to their methodologies and rating system. Not all clients may have access to all products
from every organization. Each research product is subject to the policies and procedures of the organization that produces it.
The compensation of the analyst(s) who prepared this report is determined exclusively by research management and senior
management (not including investment banking). Analyst compensation is not based on investment banking, sales and
trading or principal trading revenues, however, compensation may relate to the revenues of UBS Group as a whole, of which
investment banking, sales and trading and principal trading are a part.
Tax treatment depends on the individual circumstances and may be subject to change in the future. UBS does not provide
legal or tax advice and makes no representations as to the tax treatment of assets or the investment returns thereon both in

14



Longer Term Investments

general or with reference to specific client's circumstances and needs. We are of necessity unable to take into account the
particular investment objectives, financial situation and needs of our individual clients and we would recommend that you
take financial and/or tax advice as to the implications (including tax) of investing in any of the products mentioned herein.
This material may not be reproduced or copies circulated without prior authority of UBS. Unless otherwise agreed in writing
UBS expressly prohibits the distribution and transfer of this material to third parties for any reason. UBS accepts no liability
whatsoever for any claims or lawsuits from any third parties arising from the use or distribution of this material. This report
is for distribution only under such circumstances as may be permitted by applicable law. For information on the ways in
which CIO manages conflicts and maintains independence of its investment views and publication offering, and research
and rating methodologies, please visit www.ubs.com/research-methodology. Additional information on the relevant authors
of this publication and other CIO publication(s) referenced in this report; and copies of any past reports on this topic; are
available upon request from your client advisor.
Important Information About Sustainable Investing Strategies: Sustainable investing strategies aim to consider
and incorporate environmental, social and governance (ESG) factors into investment process and portfolio construction.
Strategies across geographies approach ESG analysis and incorporate the findings in a variety of ways. Incorporating ESG
factors or Sustainable Investing considerations may inhibit UBS’s ability to participate in or to advise on certain investment
opportunities that otherwise would be consistent with the Client’s investment objectives. The returns on a portfolio
incorporating ESG factors or Sustainable Investing considerations may be lower or higher than portfolios where ESG factors,
exclusions, or other sustainability issues are not considered by UBS, and the investment opportunities available to such
portfolios may differ.
External Asset Managers / External Financial Consultants: In case this research or publication is provided to an External
Asset Manager or an External Financial Consultant, UBS expressly prohibits that it is redistributed by the External Asset
Manager or the External Financial Consultant and is made available to their clients and/or third parties.
USA: Distributed to US persons only by UBS Financial Services Inc. or UBS Securities LLC, subsidiaries of UBS AG. UBS
Switzerland AG, UBS Europe SE, UBS Bank, S.A., UBS Brasil Administradora de Valores Mobiliarios Ltda, UBS Asesores Mexico,
S.A. de C.V., UBS SuMi TRUST Wealth Management Co., Ltd., UBS Wealth Management Israel Ltd and UBS Menkul Degerler
AS are affiliates of UBS AG. UBS Financial Services Inc. accepts responsibility for the content of a report prepared
by a non-US affiliate when it distributes reports to US persons. All transactions by a US person in the securities
mentioned in this report should be effected through a US-registered broker dealer affiliated with UBS, and not
through a non-US affiliate. The contents of this report have not been and will not be approved by any securities
or investment authority in the United States or elsewhere. UBS Financial Services Inc. is not acting as a municipal
advisor to any municipal entity or obligated person within the meaning of Section 15B of the Securities Exchange
Act (the "Municipal Advisor Rule") and the opinions or views contained herein are not intended to be, and do
not constitute, advice within the meaning of the Municipal Advisor Rule.
For country information, please visit ubs.com/cio-country-disclaimer-gr or ask your client advisor for the full disclaimer.
Additional Disclaimer relevant to Credit Suisse Wealth Management
You receive this document in your capacity as a client of Credit Suisse Wealth Management. Your personal data will be
processed in accordance with the Credit Suisse privacy statement accessible at your domicile through the official Credit
Suisse website . In order to provide you with marketing materials concerning our products and services, UBS Group AG
and its subsidiaries may process your basic personal data (i.e. contact details such as name, e-mail address) until you notify
us that you no longer wish to receive them. You can optout from receiving these materials at any time by informing your
Relationship Manager.
Except as otherwise specified herein and/or depending on the local Credit Suisse entity from which you are receiving this
report, this report is distributed by UBS Switzerland AG, authorised and regulated by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory
Authority (FINMA).
Version A/2025. CIO82652744
© UBS 2025. The key symbol and UBS are among the registered and unregistered trademarks of UBS. All rights reserved.

15

http://www.ubs.com/research-methodology
https://www.ubs.com/global/en/wealthmanagement/insights/chief-investment-office/country-disclaimer-gr.html

