
2 April 2025, 04:46 BST
Chief Investment Office GWM
Investment Research

Longevity
Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Longevity
 
 Authors: Ulrike Hoffmann-Burchardi, Head CIO Global Equities, UBS Financial Services Inc. (UBS FS); Eric Potoker, CIO Equity Strategist, US Healthcare,
UBS Financial Services Inc. (UBS FS); Diana Na, CIO Equity Sector Strategist, UBS AG London Branch; Thomas Parmentier, CIO Equity Sector Strategist,
UBS Switzerland AG; Carl Berrisford, Analyst, UBS AG Hong Kong Branch; Wen Ching Lee, Analyst, UBS AG Singapore Branch; Seraina Hold, CFA,
CIO Equity Sector Strategist, UBS Switzerland AG; Sacha Holderegger, CFA, CIO Equity Sector Strategist, UBS Switzerland AG; Sunny Mehra, Equity
Strategist, Consumer Discretionary & Consumer Staples, CIO Americas, UBS Financial Services Inc. (UBS FS); Matthias Holzhey, Economist, UBS Switzerland
AG; Jonathan Woloshin, CFA, CIO Equity Strategist, US Real Estate & Lodging, UBS Financial Services Inc. (UBS FS); Alexander Stiehler, CFA, CIO Head
of Longer Term Investment Themes, UBS Switzerland AG; Amantia Muhedini, Sustainable and Impact Investing Strategist, CIO Americas, UBS Financial
Services Inc. (UBS FS); Amanda Gu, CIO Sustainable and Impact Investing Analyst, UBS AG Hong Kong Branch

• The UBS Chief Investment Office believes there
are three transformational innovation opportunities
(TRIOs) that will drive equity markets in the coming
decade: Artificial intelligence, Power and resources,
and Longevity.

• Longevity as a thematic topic covers opportunities
that capitalize on a longer lifespan. The combination
of ever-increasing lifespans and a demographic
shift toward an older population creates a range
of investment opportunities across various sectors,
such as health care, consumer, financial services, and
real estate.

• We believe the total market opportunity could reach
around USD 8 trillion by the end of this decade.
For our stock picks, investors should see our new
Longevity Equity List, which highlights companies
we believe are best positioned to capitalize on the
aforementioned tailwinds.

Source: GettyImages

 
CIO last year introduced its Global Equity Framework, which
uses a combination of three principal perspectives to identify
investment opportunities: macroeconomic, structural, and
company-specific. The structural element enhances the
traditional equity research process by focusing on what
we call transformational innovation opportunities (TRIOs)—
three trends we expect to have an outsized influence on
equity markets in the coming years. These include Artificial
intelligence, Power and resources, and Longevity.

Longevity encompasses diverse themes emerging from
extended lifespans. As people live longer and the share
of the elderly in the population grows amid demographic
shifts, the customer base across various sectors is evolving.
This transformation is reshaping demand and fueling

growth in new economic segments. The health care sector
will be a primary driver of longevity, which we favor
in the near term owing to its importance in meeting
the needs of an aging population. Meanwhile, segments
like consumer markets, financial services, and real estate
should also benefit, although some may still be in the
early stages of adapting their business models to cater to
this growing demographic. Our long-term investment ideas
identify opportunities within these sectors, which could help
companies achieve revenue growth that exceeds GDP rates.

This report has been prepared by UBS Financial Services Inc. (UBS FS), UBS AG London Branch, UBS Switzerland AG, UBS
AG Hong Kong Branch, UBS AG Singapore Branch. Please see important disclaimers and disclosures at the end of
the document.



Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Longevity

Global aging trends explained

The global population is aging
There were 830 million people aged 65 years and over in
2024, which accounted for 10% of the global population.
According to UN estimates (World Population Prospects
2024), this is forecast to grow to 1 billion by 2030 (12%)
and 1.6 billion by 2050 (16%). See Figure 1.

The majority of countries in the world are seeing growth in
the proportion of their elderly population. North America
and Europe are leading this shift, with almost 20% of
their populations aged 65 and older. Projections indicate
that by 2050, one in every four Europeans and North
Americans could be aged 65 years and up. Outside
developed economies, aging has been the fastest in Asia,
Latin America, and the Caribbean.

Figure 1 - Number of people over 65 years old is
increasing
Millions

Source: United Nations, World Population Prospects 2024: Summary of
Results, UBS

This rapid aging across global populations can be attributed
to falling fertility rates and rising life expectancies.

Fertility rate in decline
The global fertility rate has halved since 1950, with an
average of 2.25 births per woman over a lifetime in
2023. This is projected to decline further to 2.1 births
by the late 2040s. Fertility rates vary by country and
are influenced by multiple factors, including employment,
education, economic prosperity, and government policy.
Fertility rates in developed countries particularly have fallen
as these societies have become wealthier. As a result, people
aged 65 and over are projected to outnumber children under
the age of five twice over by 2050.

2



Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Longevity

Life expectancy is rising
Global life expectancy has also continued to rise and is
expected to reach 77.4 years by 2050, up from 73.3 years
in 2024 (see Figure 2). However, the gap in life expectancy
at birth between certain groups of countries remains wide.
Life expectancy in the least developed countries was seven
years lower than the global average in 2021, driven by high
levels of child and maternal mortality. Violence/conflicts and
the HIV epidemic also have a significant impact.

Figure 2 - Increasing longevity
Life expectancy at birth for both males and females. Age in years, per
geographical area

Source: United Nations, World Population Prospects 2024: Summary of
Results, UBS

Key drivers of longevity

Multiple interrelated factors are driving the increase in life
expectancy. This ranges from advances in medicine, access
to health care services, and broader societal changes. We
look here at some of the drivers that are contributing to an
increase in life expectancy.

Medical advancements
Breakthroughs in medical science, including the
development of antibiotics, vaccines, and advanced surgical
techniques, have had a profound impact on longevity (see
Figure 3 with largest breakthroughs in history). Infectious
diseases (such as tuberculosis, pneumonia, and polio)
that once claimed countless lives are now preventable
or treatable, reducing mortality rates. Significant medical
advancements driven by improvements in diagnostic tools,
enhancing preventive care, and drug innovation mean
chronic diseases can now be adequately managed. Looking
forward, we expect medical advances, from cutting-edge
treatments to personalized health care to continue to drive
an increase in lifespan.

Health care access
Access to quality health care is also a key determinant
of longevity, leading to earlier disease detection, timely
treatment, and preventative care. In developed economies
with robust health care systems, better access to medical
services reduces mortality risk.

Figure 3 - The biggest medical breakthroughs in
history

Source: Aperion, UBS, as of January 2025

As a result, countries with higher health care spending have
a higher share of the population over 65 years of age (see
Figure 4). In contrast, countries with insufficient health care
infrastructure or limited coverage may face higher mortality
rates due to delays or lack of necessary treatments.

Figure 4 - Clear correlation between age of
population and health care spend
Share of population over 65 and health care spend as a % of GDP,
2019

Source: World Bank data, UBS analysis, as of March 2023

Public health initiatives
Public health initiatives also play a critical role in driving
longevity. The implementation of sanitation measures (clean
water, waste disposal) has greatly reduced the spread
of infectious diseases (for more information, please refer
to our Long Term Investment Theme report "Water
Scarcity"). In addition, vaccination campaigns have also
contributed to longevity by preventing outbreaks of deadly

3



Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Longevity

diseases. Vaccines have saved one billion lives by protecting
individuals from diseases such as smallpox, measles, and
more recently, COVID-19. By preventing widespread illness,
public health measures have lowered mortality rates and
increased life expectancy.

Lifestyle choices
Personal lifestyle choices have become increasingly
recognized as crucial determinants of longevity. Trying
to achieve a healthy diet, regular physical activity, and
mental well-being are an increasingly important part of
our lifestyles. Balanced diets combined with reduced intake
of processed foods and excessive sugars have contributed
to the prevention of many chronic diseases such as heart
disease, diabetes, and obesity. Conversely, unhealthy habits
such as smoking or excessive alcohol consumption can
increase the risk of chronic diseases and shorten life
expectancy. A UK Biobank study found that adopting a
healthier lifestyle, regardless of existing health conditions,
leads to longer life expectancy, with quitting smoking
offering the greatest survival advantage (see Figure 5).

Figure 5 - A healthier lifestyle results in a higher
life expectancy
Data from men who are 45 years old

Source: UK Biobank study 2020, UBS

Socioeconomic status
Another driver of increased longevity is the improvement in
living conditions brought about by economic development.
Higher standards of living, better nutrition, and access to
education have all contributed to longevity. Studies have
shown that individuals with higher incomes have better
access to health care and lead healthier lives. Conversely,
individuals from lower socioeconomic backgrounds face a
reduced lifespan because of limited resources and reduced
access to quality health care. Analysis of US data from the
1997-2014 National Health Interview Survey (NHIS) revealed
significant disparities in life expectancy, with adults in the
most advantaged socioeconomic group living 17.5 years
longer than those in the most disadvantaged group.

Environmental factors
Environmental factors (air quality, climate, toxins) also
play an important role in longevity. Cleaner air and
water contribute to lower rates of respiratory diseases,
cancers, and other health issues that can shorten life
expectancy. Additionally, efforts to promote sustainability
and combat climate change are becoming increasingly
important. Multiple nations have implemented regulations
to reduce pollution and improve air quality, which has led to
significant improvements in public health.

Figure 6 - Longevity drivers and sources of
opportunities

Source: UBS, United Nations (World Prospectus 2024); Note: There is an
enlarged picture of this figure at the end of this document

Implications of longevity

Longer lifespans have significant financial implications,
requiring consumers to save more for extended retirement
periods. Some degree of financial security, good health,
and comfortable living conditions are prerequisites for many
people to enjoy a comfortable retirement.

Many will need larger pensions, annuities, and other
financial products to ensure long-term stability, while some
may choose to work longer. Rising health care costs will
also be a major concern, with increased spending on
medical treatments, long-term care, and insurance. The key
motivation for many will be to maintain a high quality of life
for as long as possible. As a result, we see a greater emphasis
on preventative health care, wellness programs, and medical
advancements tailored to an aging population.

4



Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Longevity

Housing and lifestyle choices will also evolve as people
live longer. Many will likely seek to age in place,
leading to demand for home modifications and smart
technologies that enhance accessibility. Multi-generational
living arrangements may become more common, while the
market for senior-friendly communities and assisted-living
facilities is set to expand. We think consumers will also
prioritize wellness, travel, and lifelong learning, shifting
spending away from material possessions and toward
experiences that enhance their quality of life.

At a broader level, governments and businesses will need to
adapt to the economic and social changes brought by aging
populations. Pension systems may require reforms, health
care policies will need adjustments, and industries catering
to older generations look set for major growth. As society
adapts, intergenerational relationships, urban planning, and
workforce dynamics will all be influenced by the increasing
number of people living longer, in our view.

All these segments will be examined in further detail in the
following chapters.

Framing the longevity opportunity

In this section, we highlight the key investment
opportunities we see arising from the longevity theme and
emphasize the segments where we see the biggest sources
of opportunities.

Our framework considers two categories of positioning:
Sectors positioned as either drivers—those actively
extending healthy life expectancy—or beneficiaries—
those that cater to the evolving needs of an aging
population.

Drivers of longevity

These sectors directly contribute to extending healthy life
expectancy and are at the forefront of longevity investment
opportunities.

• Pharma, medtech, and health services: Pharma,
medtech, and health services companies play a
fundamental role in reducing the prevalence of age-

related diseases through advanced treatments, in our
view.

Beneficiaries of longevity

These sectors benefit from shifting demographics though
some may still be in the early stages of adapting business
models to meet the needs of an aging population.

• Pharma, medtech, and health services: Aside from
extending life expectancy, health care companies can
simultaneously benefit from an aging population, driven
by an increase in demand.

• Consumer: Multiple companies within the consumer
staples and retail sectors have begun adapting their
businesses to cater to an aging customer base,
focusing on wellness, nutrition, and anti-aging products.
Furthermore, the hotels and leisure market is expected
to grow rapidly, as the elderly become an increasingly
dominant force in leisure spending.

• Financial services: Financial services is affected by
longevity by helping individuals plan for extended
lifespans. Diversified financials, insurers, and banks are
driving innovation in retirement planning and financial
resilience.

• Real estate: The rising demand for retirement
communities, care homes, and age-friendly housing
creates opportunities within the homebuilding and real
estate space. Although policy shifts will likely shape the
care home market, there are near-term challenges around
funding.

We have framed the total addressable market for longevity
by taking a structured, bottom-up approach that aims to
capture both the immediate market potential and its long-
term growth trajectory across the industries mentioned
above.

CIO projects that the annual longevity market opportunity
was USD 5.3 trillion in 2023 and will grow by an incremental
USD 2.5 trillion to reach total annual revenues of around
USD 8 trillion by 2030 (see Figure 7).

To summarize, we forecast a total health care market
opportunity of USD 2.2 trillion by 2030. However, within
this segment we see the biggest opportunities in pharma
(metabolic, oncology), medtech (diabetes devices and
surgical devices), and Medicare Advantage for US health
care services in the near term. We also identify select
opportunities in the real estate, insurance, and consumer
end-markets. Some of these sectors have already adapted
business models around the longevity theme, such as

5



Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Longevity

retirement living, which we see growing at a 4% CAGR
until 2030 from a market size of USD 923 billion in 2023.
Other sectors will also benefit from the longevity trend, in
our view, even if at a more incremental pace. For example,
life insurance firms with USD 551 billion sales exposure,
growing at a 4% CAGR, are already well positioned. We also
see consumer companies targeting healthy aging through
consumer health products as early beneficiaries of this
trend. In the future, additional opportunities may arise and
accelerate across the financials space and other consumer
sectors ranging from beauty to leisure. However, we think
the sales exposure to the longevity theme in these areas
is less relevant as yet, though we anticipate a higher
contribution in the future.

Figure 7 - The longevity market opportunity

Source: Company data, UBS estimates, *includes cancer, metabolic
disorders, neuroscience, cardiovascular sales; Note: VMS = Vitamins,
minerals, and supplements

We believe the longevity investment opportunity will evolve
from now and over the next decade. Initially, we believe that
therapeutic innovation within the biopharmaceutical and
medical device sectors will enable increases in lifespans and
healthspans. Specifically, we expect advances in metabolic
disease therapy and oncology to drive larger increases in
lifespan. We think payers—governments, employers, and
individuals—will spend on therapies that extend lifespans
and improve the quality of life. Innovation with favorable
reimbursement from payers should drive revenue and
earnings growth that should result in superior stock
appreciation for these longevity enablers.

We think that innovation in metabolic disease (e.g, obesity
and diabetes) and advances in oncology will drive the most

significant positive shifts in longevity through 2030, with
accompanying addressable market increases. We estimate
that metabolic disease revenue will see about 12% CAGR
through 2030, and that oncology revenue will grow at an
around 8% CAGR over the same period. Given the expected
revenue growth from these two therapeutic categories, we
expect metabolic disease and oncology leaders to benefit
from significant market value increases.

Within the medical device sector, we also see the potential
to impact lifespan. We see that impact coming primarily
from diabetes management devices and cardiology devices.
We expect diabetes management devices to grow at a 13%
CAGR through 2030, and cardiac devices to grow at a 5%
CAGR through 2030.

We also believe that companies currently managing the care
for the elderly are well positioned to help drive increased
longevity by providing better access to care, and leveraging
data and analytics to identify at-risk population segments to
better manage the care received by patients. We think US
managed-care organizations (MCO) are best positioned to
manage patient access, as well as accumulate and analyze
aggregated patient data to improve the quality of overall
care. We expect the US Medicare Advantage segment, in
which MCOs manage the delivery of and access to health
care services, to grow at a 5.8% CAGR through 2030.

Over time, extended lifespans have the potential to drive
greater demand from older cohorts for a variety of
products and services. We see certain health care companies
also benefiting from this trend, as a growing older
demographic will require treatment for various conditions
that will inevitably impact them, including those that require
orthopedic, cardiac, and ophthalmological procedures and
implants. We estimate these segments will see continued
strong growth through 2030, and accelerating growth into
the next decade as these demographic trends tilt ever
more toward older cohorts. Specifically, we estimate the
surgical device CAGR will be 5% through 2030, and we
expect surgical device growth to accelerate beyond 2030 as
demand from an aging population increases.

Beyond health care, as the elderly demographic group grows
and lives longer, we see revenue and earnings growth
accelerating for certain sectors that address the broader
needs of an aging population. Initially, we see the real estate
sector as a major beneficiary, as well as some financials
and consumer segments. We see the impact as relatively
gradual in the near term, before picking up over time.
We estimate that the longevity-driven demographic shift
fueling this demand will accelerate during the 2030s and
beyond, boosting growth for various consumer, financial,
and real estate companies as a result. Estimating the extent

6



Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Longevity

of this growth ramp over an extended timeframe can be
challenging. However, we anticipate that the impact on
these sectors will be significantly positive.

Our Longevity Equity List is currently dominated by the
health care sector, with the companies we expect to drive
the longevity curve inflection carrying the largest weights.
Medical device companies that both enable greater lifespans
and benefit from growth in the elderly demographic also
have significant weight in our Longevity Equity List. Lastly,
we have identified consumer, real estate, and financial
companies that already have a significant exposure to the
theme, while others might be added over time as they will
benefit from growth in the elderly demographic through
2030 and beyond.

We expect the composition of the Longevity Equity List to
shift over time, moving gradually from the dominance of
the health care sector over the near and medium term into
the other sectors discussed over the long term as a growing
elderly cohort increasingly drives economic activity toward
its specific needs.

Figure 8 - The longevity value chain

Source: UBS estimates, as of March 2025 *Vitamins, minerals, and
supplements; Note: There is an enlarged picture of this figure at the end of
this document

In the following sections, we discuss in more detail the
implications of longevity across the various sectors.

Pharma and Biotech

Pharmaceutical innovation plays an important role in
driving longevity, with potential breakthroughs in drug
development prolonging the life and mitigating diseases.
As we evaluate the opportunities within the pharmaceutical

space that is attached to the longevity theme, we consider
two different sets of opportunities:
1. pharma companies with approved innovative drugs or

pipeline drugs that could meaningfully drive an increase
in life expectancy, and

2. pharma companies with approved innovative drugs
or pipeline drugs that target diseases that are more
prevalent in the elderly population.

What are the leading causes of mortality
Figure 9 shows the top 10 leading causes of death in
the US with heart disease, cancer, and stroke in the top
five (alongside accidents and COVID-19). Metabolic diseases
such as obesity significantly contribute to heart attacks and
strokes (see later for more details). Additionally, obesity
raises the risk of cancer, liver and kidney disorders, mental
health issues, and potentially dementia (Alzheimer’s disease)
—also among the leading causes of death in the US.

Figure 9 - Top 10 leading causes of death in the US
in 2022
(Unit: thousands)

Source: CDC, UBS, as of October 2024

Key areas of pharma innovation and growth
With this in mind, we highlight two therapeutic areas
where we currently see the highest level of pharmaceutical
innovation, but that also provide the largest revenue growth
opportunity over the next decade—including drugs for
managing metabolic-driven diseases (obesity and diabetes)
and cancer. Furthermore, we have also seen pockets
of breakthrough for managing diseases in the field
of neuroscience and mental health, particularly for the
treatment of Alzheimer’s disease, although further research
and development is still required to bring more effective
treatments to the market.

7



Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Longevity

Metabolic disorders (obesity)

The global obesity epidemic has positioned the metabolic
disorders treatment market as a rapidly growing sector in
health care. According to the WHO, around 800 million
adults worldwide are classified as obese, and these figures
continue to rise, driven by adverse lifestyle changes in
both developed and developing nations. In addition, obesity
represents a significant upstream cause of major diseases
that impact mortality, including diabetes, heart disease,
stroke, kidney disease and certain cancers. As a result, the
medical and economic burden of obesity is immense. A
WHO report in 2022 estimates that the current annual cost
of obesity to health services is at USD 990 billion, which is set
to rise if treatment and prevention measures do not improve.

Figure 10 - Global obesity prevalence is rising
Projected percentage of the world population that is overweight and
obese

Source: World Atlas 2024, UBS

Injectable GLP-1 receptor agonists (Novo Nordisk’s Ozempic/
Wegovy and Eli Lilly’s Mounjaro/Zepbound) have emerged
as transformative treatments for obesity. These drugs, which
were initially developed for managing type 2 diabetes, have
also demonstrated significant benefits in reducing 15-20%
of body weight. Novo’s SELECT study for Wegovy has also
shown that GLP-1-driven weight loss can reduce cardiac
event risk by as much as 20%. Such datasets and further
readouts from comorbidity trials should strengthen the case
for expanded reimbursement in the US.

However, even with limited reimbursement, patient demand
for GLP-1 drugs has been immense, resulting in supply
shortages. These are being addressed with Novo Nordisk

and Eli Lilly deploying USD 50 billion in capital expenditure
in 2022-28 to support the supply chain.

Obesity market opportunity
Global sales of GLP-1 drugs came in at USD 51 billion in
2024 and consensus forecasts the obesity market reaching
USD 200 billion annually by 2030. Novo Nordisk and Eli Lilly
are poised to dominate this market, driven by the strength
and depth of their pipelines and supply chain investments,
which creates high barriers to entry. However, the scale
of the obesity epidemic has also attracted other large-
cap pharma and biotech companies with cardio-metabolic
disease platforms. Newer anti-obesity drugs have the
potential to offer better efficacy and greater convenience,
but we await the completion of larger-scale clinical trials to
confirm their profiles over the coming years (see Figure 11
for snapshot of pipeline assets).

While we acknowledge the obesity market's very large
potential, we also believe cost, reimbursement, and access
are rate-limiting factors that are not easily resolved. Payors
may not easily absorb additional annual costs in the USD
100-200 billion range, given already stretched health care
budgets. The offsetting health care cost savings from
reduced obesity rates have not yet been demonstrated in
long-term clinical outcomes studies. We also note that the
eventual availability of GLP-1 generics (semaglutide loss of
exclusivity in 2031 in the EU and 2032 in US) may also
pressure prices.

Figure 11 - Approved and pipeline obesity drugs

Source: Company data, UBS research

8



Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Longevity

Cancer

Cancer is a leading cause of death globally, despite great
strides made in diagnosis and treatment. As the population
ages, we see global cancer incidence rising in the coming
decades (see Figure 12). The WHO estimates that cancer
incidence will rise from 18 million in 2018 to 35 million in
2050. With the five-year survival rate being only 69%, there
is still a clear need for new cancer treatments.

Figure 12 - Cancer incidence rises with age
Cancer incidence rates by age, UK, 2017-19

Source: Cancer Research UK, UBS

A deeper understanding of the molecular basis of cancer
and the human immune system has resulted in the
development of a broad pipeline of anti-cancer drugs
over the past two decades. The most revolutionary cancer
treatment to have emerged is the development of immuno-
oncology drugs (also known as checkpoint inhibitors), which
offer durable responses, reduced side effects compared to
conventional chemotherapy, and broad applicability across
different cancer types.

From PD-L1/PD-1 success to newer targets
The first wave of immuno-oncology drugs, known as PD-
L1/PD-1 inhibitors (which work by blocking the pathways
that allow cancer cells to evade immune detection, thus
allowing the immune system to identify and eliminate
cancer), have been the biggest commercial success, but have
now matured after nearly a decade in the market and will
begin to face biosimilar competition around 2028. Sales
of these drugs amounted to USD 47billion in 2024, and
may peak close to USD 57 billion before losing exclusivity,
based on consensus estimates. Current market expectations

for next-generation immuno-oncology targets, including
LAG-3, TIM-3 and TIGIT, are a fraction of this size.

Multiple other approaches have been successfully developed
and the cancer pipeline is now incredibly broad in terms of
targets and modalities (see Figure 13).

Figure 13 - Oncology R&D pipeline by modality in
2023
Total number of Phase 1-3 trials as of 2023 (n=1924)

Source: IQVIA, UBS, as of 2023

Beyond immuno-oncology, progress has been made with
antibody drug conjugates (ADCs), bispecific antibodies,
and radiopharmaceuticals, among others. Personalized cell
therapies such as CAR-T, which involves modifying a
patient's T-cells to fight cancer, have already shown success,
though treatment is limited to blood cancers like leukemia
and lymphoma. We highlight a number of approaches that
will likely be in focus over the medium term:

• Antibody-drug conjugates (ADCs) combine a cytotoxic
chemotherapy that aims to kill cancer cells with an
antibody designed to target key proteins in the cancer cell
of interest. This allows the drug to be precisely delivered
to where it is needed, reducing unwanted exposure of
the drug to normal cells. Since 2000, 15 ADCs have
been approved across a range of blood cancers and solid
tumors. Drug development of ADCs has exploded with
close to 200 new trial starts in 2023 alone. We expect
future drug development to focus on new targets with
a combination of different cytotoxic agents to improve
patient outcomes over chemotherapy.

• Bispecific antibodies are antibodies that are engineered
to simultaneously bind to two proteins. By binding to two
sites and pulling them together, bispecifics can improve
the immune system's ability to fight tumors. A number

9



Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Longevity

of bispecific antibodies are approved across therapeutic
areas including blood cancers and solid tumors. Since
2022, the FDA has approved six new bispecific antibodies
for oncology applications, particularly myeloma and
lymphoma. Multiple bispecifics are in development
primarily for solid tumors. As bispecific development has
advanced, novel multi-specific antibody modalities have
also emerged.

• Radiopharmaceuticals build on the long-established
principle of treating cancer with radiation. Having to
handle radioactive products with short half-lives creates
challenges in supply chains and distribution, however
Novartis has demonstrated the commercial feasibility of
the class with the approval of two therapies incorporating
the beta-emitting radioisotope 177-lutetium. Treatments
in the pipeline include a range of radiosiotopes, including
alpha-emitters such as 225-actinium, which may offer
more potent and targeted radiation delivery compared
to beta-emitters. We expect to see more interest in the
space from large-cap pharma companies in the coming
years.

Cancer market opportunity
Oncology represents the biggest market opportunity within
the global pharma market, in our view, and we continue to
expect sales growth driven by continued adoption of cancer
drugs and approval of newer drugs with new modalities over
the coming decade. According to IQVIA, sales of oncology
drugs grew at a 12% annual rate from USD 155 billion
in 2020 to around USD 216 billion in 2023. We expect
oncology sales to continue to outpace the broader pharma
market and reach USD 400 billion by 2030, although
the impact of biosimilar competition to several of today's
blockbuster oncology drugs introduces some uncertainty
toward the end of the forecast period. However, according
to IQVIA, cancer drugs make up 44% of new clinical trial
starts, and 29% of the 69 new drugs launched globally
in 2023. This suggests that oncology will become an even
larger share of launched drugs in the future. These growth
sources should partially offset erosion of older drugs by
generics and biosimilars.

Neuroscience/Mental health (Alzheimer’s disease)

Alzheimer’s disease is a significant health care burden
that predominantly affects the elderly. Globally, over 47
million people were affected by dementia in 2015, with
Alzheimer's accounting for 60-70% of these cases. This
figure is expected to rise to 132 million by 2050, according
to the World Alzheimer Report (see Figure 14).

Recent years have seen notable progress in Alzheimer’s
treatment, with the approval of two disease-modifying

drugs such as Biogen Idec/Eisai’s Leqembi (lecanemab) in
early 2023 and Eli Lilly’s Kisunla (donanemab) in mid-2024.
Both drugs target amyloid-beta plaques in the brain, a
hallmark of Alzheimer's pathology, and are indicated for
patients with mild cognitive impairment or mild dementia
stages of the disease. These drugs are designed to slow
cognitive and functional decline in early-stage Alzheimer's
patients, although the efficacy benefits have been modest
and often come with significant side effects.

Figure 14 - Dementia (Alzheimer’s) prevalence is
rising
Number of people with dementia (millions)

Source: World Alzheimer Report 2015, UBS

Alzheimer’s market opportunity
Despite these approvals, market penetration of these
therapies has been challenging. For instance, Leqembi's US
sales ramp has been slower than expected with 2024 sales
of USD 130 million. Factors contributing to this modest
uptake include the high costs of treatment (USD 26,500
annually) and the need for regular intravenous infusions
coupled with monitoring for potential side effects (amyloid-
related imaging abnormalities). These logistical and financial
hurdles have limited widespread adoption. In addition, the
EU recently rejected Eisai’s Leqembi, citing an unfavorable
efficacy/safety balance, before later reversing the decision.
Consensus forecasts see a global Alzheimer's disease sales
opportunity of USD 5 billion annually by 2030.

There is still a substantial unmet need in Alzheimer's
care as current therapies offer limited benefits. The
development pipeline for Alzheimer's treatment is broad,
with ongoing research exploring various therapeutic targets
beyond amyloid-beta. Interestingly, Novo Nordisk’s GLP-1
receptor agonist is also under investigation for its potential
neuroprotective effects. Novo Nordisk’s oral semaglutide
(Rybelsus) is currently in Phase 3 trials to assess its efficacy
in slowing Alzheimer's progression. Other approaches,
including targeting tau proteins and neuroinflammation, are
also under development.

10



Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Longevity

Application of artificial intelligence (AI) in mental
health treatment
AI is poised to revolutionize mental health care by leveraging
its ability to collect and analyse vast datasets, significantly
impacting neuroscience and mental health treatment. For
instance, AI-powered tools can diagnose behavioral health
conditions such as attention deficit hyperactivity disorder
(ADHD) and Autism Spectrum Disorder using hand-held
devices, offering a more accessible and efficient diagnostic
process. Furthermore, AI can facilitate therapy through
mobile devices, providing personalized treatment plans and
continuous support. This innovative approach promises to
enhance the accuracy of diagnoses and the effectiveness
of treatments, paving the way for improved mental health
care outcomes. We think complex and nuanced therapeutic
areas such as neuroscience and behavioral health are
particularly well suited to AI/ machine learning (ML)-driven
diagnostic and therapeutic treatment approaches, although
they are early in their clinical development.

Application of AI in drug discovery
We see continued AI spending within the health care sector,
including by biopharma companies deploying machine
learning and AI in an effort to identify attractive drug targets
and drug candidates. We also believe the progress toward
faster and more efficient drug discovery will be gradual for
the foreseeable future, in part because these tools have
been widely deployed for many years with limited impact
on R&D efficiency, and in part because of the inherent
challenges in the drug discovery and clinical development
processes. As long as the drug approval process requires
large clinical trials in human populations, we think AI’s ability
to materially accelerate drug development timeframes will
be limited, although we also see AI playing a meaningful role
in improving clinical trial administrative efficiency, including
trial protocol adherence and data communication with
regulators, which we think can incrementally improve the
overall odds of clinical trial success.

Conclusion
To summarise, the pharma industry plays a role
in enhancing longevity through innovative treatments
targeting metabolic diseases and cancer. With the global
obesity epidemic driving demand for effective weight
management solutions, GLP-1 receptor agonists have
emerged as transformative treatments, offering significant
market potential. Meanwhile, the oncology sector continues
to expand with advancements in next-generation cancer
treatments that promise to address the rising incidence of
cancer among the aging population. As these therapeutic
areas evolve, they present substantial opportunities for
growth and innovation, in our view, ultimately contributing
to increased longevity.

Key risks from investing in pharma include clinical trial
failures, new drug competition impacting drug uptake,
reimbursement and pricing challenges, legal threats
including product liability cases and any changes in the
political and regulatory environment.

Diana Na (Equity strategist), Eric Potoker (Equity strategist),
Carl Berrisford (Equity strategist)

Medical Devices and Services

Like the pharmaceutical industry, an aging population is
a key growth driver for most medical device makers and
health care services providers. Many of the conditions that
are treated with medical devices are more prevalent among
the elderly. For example, two-thirds of hip implant patients
are over 65, while most cardiovascular surgery patients are
in their late 60s. In addition, the average age of a first-time
hearing aid user is near 70 (see Figure 15).

11



Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Longevity

Figure 15 - Medical devices are predominantly
used by the elderly

Source: CDC, UBS, Morgan Stanley, as of June 2017; Note: ICD=
implantable cardioverter defibrillator, PTCA= percutaneous transluminal
coronary angioplasty, CABG= coronary artery bypass graft

Evaluating the opportunities within the medical devices
industry relating to the longevity theme, we have chosen
to focus on four different opportunity sets: (1) companies
with devices that prevent and treat various life-threatening
conditions, (2) companies that target the health needs of the
elderly, (3) companies with diagnostics/tools for early disease
detection or patient monitoring, and (4) US health care
services companies that manage and provide care for the
elderly. With this in mind, we highlight the most significant
beneficiaries below.

Consumer medical devices

The growing population of those aged 65 and older
in developed markets is expected to drive future
medical device volumes, as aging individuals increasingly
require medical devices, as well as replacements, repairs,
and augmentations. And in emerging markets, the
rising affordability, infrastructure investment, and shifting
demographics should underpin greater spending on medical
devices for years to come.

We estimate the total size of the consumer medical device
market was around USD 139 billion in 2023 and expect it to
grow by mid-single digits over the long term. We summarize
below the medical device categories that should benefit
from the structural tailwind of an aging population.

Figure 16 - Global medical devices market to grow
by mid-single digits to USD 189 billion in 2030
Total sales (USD, billion)

Source: Company data, UBS estimates, as of January 2025

• Orthopaedic implants: This segment includes
replacement joints, spinal fusion, plates used to repair
injured bones, and surgical equipment for sports
medicine. The core orthopaedic market is mature in
developed markets, with mid-single-digit percentage
volume growth in the major categories of large joint
reconstruction, trauma, and traditional spinal fusion
procedures. Robotic assisted surgery (RAS) and minimally
invasive approaches are gaining traction across various
specialties in orthopaedics, driving higher growth rates.
The orthopaedics market size was USD 49 billion in 2023
and is seeing low- to mid-single-digit trend growth.

• Ophthalmology: The ophthalmology device market
covers surgical procedures for correcting vision. Surgical
procedures are often required to correct more serious eye
conditions such as cataracts, which is a leading cause of
visual impairment in old age. This consists of implanting
an intra-ocular lens into the patient's eye to enhance
vision. The ophthalmology market totaled USD 37 billion
in 2023 (including contact lenses) and enjoys mid-single-
digit trend growth.

• Hearing aids: Hearing loss disproportionately affects
older people. Hearing ability naturally deteriorates with
age as sensory cells in the ears degenerate, and one-
third of people over 65 years old have hearing difficulties.
The hearing aids market size was USD 8 billion in
2023 with mid-single-digit trend growth. Recent studies
have also linked hearing loss to cognitive decline. We
believe that hearing aid growth is likely to accelerate
as the population ages, and as the importance of
hearing preservation for elderly patients is increasingly
recognized.

• Cardiovascular devices: The cardiovascular device
market covers a wide range of products used to treat

12



Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Longevity

conditions in the heart and circulatory system, such
as abnormal heart rhythms, vascular disease, and valve
disease. The incidence of these problems tends to rise
with age. The cardiovascular market is a mix of larger,
mature product groups and newer, high-growth products
that drive the overall category’s growth. We estimate
the cardiovascular device market was USD 35 billion in
2023 with mid-single-digit long-term growth potential,
since the more mature categories face modest pricing
pressure, while new technologies such as transaortic
valve replacement (TAVR) and, potentially, mitral valve
replacement can expand addressable markets.

• Continuous glucose monitors (CGMs): Diabetes
patients use CGMs to monitor their blood glucose
levels in real time, better enabling diabetics to avoid
fluctuations in their glucose levels and maintain lower
overall HbA1C levels, potentially avoiding various acute
health episodes caused by diabetes, and in some
cases avoiding deterioration into more insulin-dependent
stages of diabetes. The progression of diabetes leads
to increased cardiovascular risk, which CGM use can
help avoid. The CGM market was USD 8 billion in 2023
growing at a midteens annual percentage rate.

13



Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Longevity

Diagnostics

Early detection of age-related diseases is crucial for driving
longevity. Diagnostic tests are medical devices designed to
identify and determine the presence or absence of specific
diseases, conditions, or other health markers in patients.
These tests play an important role by aiding in the early
detection, diagnosis, and tailoring personalized treatment
plans for patients.

The increasing prevalence of chronic diseases is a major
driving force behind the growth of the diagnostic tests
market. The need for accurate, timely, and personalized
diagnostics to manage chronic conditions effectively should
fuel innovation in diagnostic technologies and promote the
expansion of the diagnostic tests market to meet evolving
health care demands.

Innovations within the diagnostics industry include
next-generation sequencing (comprehensive genomic
profiling enables more precise and personalized treatment
approaches) and liquid biopsy (enables non-invasive early
cancer detection). In addition, the shift toward decentralized
health care has led to the rise of home health tests
and point-of-care devices, which is reducing the need for
hospital visits and improving patient outcomes. Wearable
health monitors such as CGMs (see above) and cardiac
tracking devices are also aiding with chronic disease
management. In addition, the integration of artificial
intelligence in diagnostic tools enhances the accuracy and
efficiency of disease detection, contributing to the overall
market expansion.

We estimate the clinical diagnostics market at USD 110
billion in 2023, and we expect it to grow at a mid- to high-
single-digit CAGR, reaching USD 170 billion by 2030, driven
by advancements in diagnostic technologies and growing
demand for early disease detection and prevention.

Health care services

US managed-care organizations (MCOs) provide health
insurance to individuals, the government, and employers.
We believe MCOs with significant exposure to the federal
government’s Medicare Advantage (MA) program are
particularly well positioned to increase lifespans and
benefit from a larger elderly population. MCOs administer
MA and receive fixed payments from the US federal
government to cover Medicare (elderly) beneficiaries. MA
plans coordinate patient care within a dedicated network
of providers (physicians and hospitals mainly), and through
that coordination can lower both health care utilization and
unit price paid to providers. By reducing the overall cost of
care, MA plans can also provide additional ancillary services
(dental, hearing, vision, etc.), that traditional fee-for-service
Medicare does not offer, making it a popular choice among
seniors. Currently, the MA population has grown to over
50% of the total Medicare market. We expect the number
of eligible members and MA enrollments to grow. As per
KFF, 54% of eligible Medicare beneficiaries (33 million out
of 61 million) were enrolled in Medicare Advantage plans
in 2024 (see Figure 17). This is expected to rise to 64% by
2034 as per the Congressional Budget Office’s projections.
As a result, MCOs with significant MA exposure are well
positioned to benefit from a larger elderly population. We
estimate the Medicare Advantage market at USD 457 billion
in 2023 and expect mid- to high-single-digit CAGR, reaching
USD 678 billion by 2030, predominantly driven by the aging
baby boomer generation.

Figure 17 - Medicare Advantage enrolments are
growing
54% of eligible Medicare beneficiaries were enrolled in 2024

Source: KFF, UBS, as of 2024

MCOs are also evolving to better manage the needs of
an aging population, with data collection playing a crucial
role. These companies are leveraging vast amounts of health
data to identify high-risk patients earlier and intervene more
effectively with preventative care. This shift toward data-
driven health care allows for more personalized treatments,
earlier disease detection, and optimized resource allocation.

14



Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Longevity

As a result, payors are increasingly partnering with health
care providers to implement proactive care models that
focus on preventing chronic conditions rather than just
treating them.

Separately, among health care providers, companies
offering senior housing, hospice care, and home care should
also see increased demand from a larger elderly population.
Senior housing, including assisted living and skilled nursing
facilities, provide environments for both medical support
and lifestyle amenities (see the real estate section for more
detail). Furthermore, an increase in elderly patients with
terminal illnesses fuels a need for expansion in hospice
care providers and home care services as patients prioritize
comfort and quality of life.

Conclusion
The aging population is driving growth in the medical
device, diagnostics, and health care services industries.
Use of orthopaedic implants, ophthalmology, hearing aids,
and cardiovascular devices markets is expanding owing
to age-related conditions. Innovations in diagnostics, such
as next-generation sequencing and liquid biopsy, enhance
early disease detection and personalized treatment,
boosting longevity. Health care services, especially Medicare
Advantage, are benefiting from demographic shifts, with
increased demand for senior housing, hospice, and home
care.

Key risks from investing in medical devices, diagnostics,
and health care services include failure of pipeline
products; new or tougher competition; legal threats
including product liability cases; access, reimbursement, and
pricing challenges; and a shifting political and regulatory
environment.

Eric Potoker (Equity strategist), Diana Na (Equity strategist),
Carl Berrisford (Equity strategist)

Consumer (health, foods, and
beauty)

Seniors: An attractive target group for consumer
companies
The consumer industry plays a key role in the global
demographic shift toward an older population, offering
products that promote healthier and longer lives. At the

same time, we believe that consumer companies targeting
healthy and beautiful longevity through active nutrition,
medical foods, vitamins, minerals and supplements, over-
the-counter medicines, and cosmetics are well positioned to
capitalize on increasing demand from an aging population.
Importantly, the senior cohort increasingly controls a larger
part of household wallets, reflecting the accumulation of
wealth over the course of life. In the US, for example, people
aged 70+ now collectively own a record 31% of the nation’s
wealth, while accounting for only 13% of the US population
—the highest share since records began in 1989 (see Figure
18).

Figure 18 - Living longer, healthier, and wealthier
Share of household wealth held by people age 70+, US

Source: Federal Reserve Board of Governors, UBS. Last data point: 3Q24,
last update December 2024

What’s more, seniors are the fastest-growing consumer
group, and now account for the highest share of total
spending (see Figure 19). This makes the elderly an
important and growing target group with significant
spending power.

Figure 19 - The aging consumer: A spending force
to be reckoned with
Share of consumer spending by age group

Source: US Labor Department survey of consumer expenditures, UBS. Last
data point: 2023, last update December 2024

15



Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Longevity

“Let thy food be thy medicine…” – Healthy nutrition
A growing body of research points to the importance of
nutrition in regulating aging processes and the development
of age-related diseases. This is also reflected in an
ever more health-conscious consumer and interventions
by policymakers (e.g., health warnings or marketing
restrictions). A balanced diet is a key component of a long
and healthy life, and most food companies have been
successfully adjusting their offerings to cater to an aging
consumer base.

• Improving the health of the portfolio: To suit health-
conscious consumers, food producers and retailers have
been expanding their product offerings into healthier
categories, such as fresh and organic foods. Food
companies have also been reformulating the nutritional
profile of their products, reducing their sugar and sodium
contents, and eliminating industrially produced trans fats.

• Active nutrition: We also see opportunities for
companies that offer active nutrition. This includes more
science-based products tailored specifically for older
consumers who may have digestive issues or nutritional
deficiencies. The need for protein, for instance, increases
with age, making this category particularly well-placed to
benefit from the longevity theme. The gut microbiome,
and how its composition changes with age, is another
key topic. We believe that probiotic supplements as
well as probiotic-rich, fermented foods such as yogurt,
kombucha, or kimchi are set to benefit from the health-
conscious consumer. The active nutrition category is
currently worth around CHF 33 billion (USD 37 billion),
and is expected to grow at a 7% CAGR in the medium
term, ahead of many other consumer categories (Source:
Euromonitor, IQVIA, Nestlé estimates).

• Medical nutrition: There is a strong correlation between
age and malnutrition. This is driven by a spectrum of
reasons, including illness, lack of appetite, or an inability
to chew or absorb nutrients. Medical nutrition can
address these issues. It is grounded in clinical research and
formulated to meet specific nutritional needs that cannot
be met through regular food alone. We view medical
nutrition as a fundamentally attractive category with high
barriers to entry and an appealing margin profile. The
global market is estimated at around CHF 13 billion (USD
15 billion) currently, growing at a mid- to high-single-digit
rate (Source: Euromonitor, IQVIA, Nestlé estimates).

• Vitamins, minerals, and supplements: We also see
substantial market potential for vitamins, minerals, and
dietary supplements (VMS). Most people do not get
enough nutrition from the food they eat. That deficit
can become even more pronounced with age. VMS
can help close those nutrient gaps by supplementing

diets and providing a simple solution to deliver the
nutrients needed for healthy aging. According to industry
estimates, the VMS market currently generates roughly
CHF 150 billion (USD 166 billion) annually and is expected
to grow at a 5% CAGR over the next few years (Source:
Euromonitor, IQVIA, Nestlé estimates), driven by an aging
population and increased health-consciousness.

Self-care time – consumer health care
An aging population goes hand in hand with higher
spending on health care, straining global health systems and
budgets. Against this background, the self-care movement
is gaining momentum, with people increasingly taking
health into their own hands. We believe that this creates
strong tailwinds for the consumer health care market, which
focuses on over-the-counter (OTC) medicines, offering
consumers affordable, accessible solutions while easing the
burden on health care providers. In the US alone, spending
on OTC medicines is estimated to save the health care
system USD 167 billion annually by reducing drug costs
and unnecessary doctor visits, according to the Consumer
Healthcare Products Association. Consumer health firm
Haleon estimated the global consumer health market at
more than GBP 100 billion (USD 134 billion), and we expect
it to be worth GBP 143 billion (USD 182 billion) by 2030.

Cosmetics: Aging beautifully
As the population ages, demand for cosmetics and wellness
products tailored to addressing specific concerns such as age
spots, wrinkles, or thinning hair increases. Older consumers
are some of the most enthusiastic beauty spenders. In fact,
according to L’Oréal, the average boomer spends over USD
400 per year on beauty. This is almost twice as much as a
Gen Y and 2.5 times as much as a Gen Z. L’Oréal estimates
the global beauty market to be worth roughly EUR 270
billion (USD 284 billion) and we expect it to grow to EUR
370 billion (USD 387 billion) by 2030.

Conclusion
Longevity presents new opportunities for the consumer
sector. A healthier diet is a key factor supporting longer
lifespans. So, we view companies with exposure to healthy
nutrition categories—such as active nutrition, medical
nutrition, or VMS—as well positioned to capitalize on the
growing demand for healthy aging. Similarly, we believe the
consumer health as well as beauty categories are poised to
benefit from an aging population.

Key risks include a rotation out of defensive equity
sectors, higher interest rates, consumer preference changes,
increasing competition from local and global players,
consumer sentiment deteriorating in key markets, higher-

16



Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Longevity

than-expected input cost inflation, and unfavorable
currency movements.

Seraina Hold (Equity analyst), Wen-Ching Lee (Equity
strategist), Sunny Mehra (Equity strategist)

Consumer (hotels and leisure)

An opportunity for the hotels and leisure industry
The longevity economy is becoming an increasingly
powerful force—encompassing both the economic activity
serving the needs and desires of the 55-plus segment, as
well as partly directed purchased products and services
along with the knock-on economic activity that this
generates. We see opportunities in hotels and leisure
segments coming from an aging population. We narrow
down to the segments where we see the biggest upside
potential: hotels, cruises, and casinos.

Consumer companies targeting the aging population are
anticipated to outpace their peers in growth due to the rising
percentage of elderly individuals globally. Cruise businesses,
with the elderly making up a substantial portion of their
clientele, stand to gain from this demographic shift. As the
population aged 55 and above increases at a rate of 2.4%,
compared to 0.8% for all ages, this could result in a 0.3%
annual increase in the proportion of individuals aged 55
and older within the total population. As a result, the cruise
industry, being oriented toward this demographic, is likely
to expand its total addressable market by attracting more
passengers.

As individuals enjoy longer, healthier lives, travel has become
a significant leisure priority for those aged 60 and over. In
2024, adults in this age group accounted for nearly 37% of
travelers globally, while a study from the AARP (American
Association of Retired Persons) showed that in 2023, 52%
of seniors aged 50 and older rank travel and vacation as
their number one priority for discretionary income, while
entertainment came in third just after home improvements.

Hotels are the forefront of the opportunity
Hotels should be another beneficiary of the trend. We see
the hotel industry for the silver economy reaching USD 412
billion by 2030 from USD 259 billion in 2023. An aging
society should not only support volumes but also margins.
The elderly usually spend more while traveling and the hotel
sector has moved toward the luxury segment, where most
customers are aged 50 and older.

Aging populations around the world represent a significant
market opportunity for the travel industry, in our view,

impacting the type of tourists, where they travel, and the
kinds of accommodation they require. Holidays remain one
of the leisure interest priorities for the 55-plus age group, as
they enjoy both purchasing power and free time, which is
estimated at around six hours per day (leisure and sport) by
the US Labor Bureau of Statistics. This free time, combined
with a willingness to spend as the 55-plus group on average
uses bigger travel budgets than other age categories (see
Figure 20), bode well for the leisure industry. Tour operators
and travel agencies are also likely to benefit from the
increased propensity of older groups to travel.

Figure 20 - Expenditure by tourist age group
Average spending per trip in EUR for the EU (all countries, 4+ days
trip, private travel (excluding business))

Source: Eurostat, UBS, 2025

Cruises should benefit from elderly spending
As the global population ages, and given the willingness
and ability of the elderly to spend more, the cruise
industry is well positioned to benefit from this trend, in
our view. Seniors, particularly those aged 60 and above,
represent a lucrative segment for cruise lines. According
to the CLIA (Cruise Lines International Association), the
average age of cruise passengers is 50-plus, with senior
travelers among the fastest-growing customer groups.
Older travelers often book longer cruises, with more
upgraded accommodations, and use onboard experiences
(specialty dining, spa treatments, and excursions), which
boost the revenue per passenger. We also see more
opportunities for luxury and niche cruises, for example
medical and wellness-focused voyages or themed and
enrichment cruises. With CLIA expecting around 39.7
million cruise passengers this year and those aged 60 and
older (Baby Boomers and traditionalists) making up more
than a third (see Figure 21), we see the cruise industry
growing to around USD 288 billion in 2030 from USD 214
billion in 2023.

17



Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Longevity

Figure 21 - 34% of cruise travelers are 60+
Cruise travelers by age category

Source: Cruise Lines International Association, UBS, 2025

Casinos stand to benefit significantly from this trend as
well. Historically, older generations have been the primary
clientele for casinos, and this trend has only intensified in
recent years. Seniors are increasingly engaging in casino
activities, driven by targeted marketing efforts such as
bus tours, day trips, and entertainment offerings. There is
an ongoing ethical debate regarding gambling addiction,
particularly among the elderly. It is advisable to closely
monitor gambling behavior, as the connection between
problem gambling and the elderly remains a subject of active
discussion.

Revenue opportunities
The global silver economy is growing fast, and we see some
sectors such as hotels, cruises, and casinos benefiting from
an aging population. We see the current market opportunity
for those three segments at USD 1.2 trillion by 2030, up
from USD 786 billion in 2023, for an annual growth rate of
6%.

Conclusion
The aging population should boost the leisure and tourism
business as a meaningful part of global travelers are 50+.
This should lead to revenue and profitability increases across
a various range of sectors from hotels to cruises.

Thomas Parmentier (Equity strategist), Wen-Ching Lee
(Equity strategist), Sunny Mehra (Equity strategist)

Financials (asset and wealth
management)

Asset and wealth management

An aging population globally is leading to a significant
strain on established pension systems and could see a huge
savings shortfall. In the US alone, the largest cohort of
Americans in history (born from 1959 to 1964)—the peak
of the baby boomer generation—will retire in 2024-2030,
accounting for about 30 million people, according to
the Retirement Income Institute. However, with fewer
workers and insufficient savings, traditional pay-as-you-go
pension and health care systems are becoming increasingly
unsustainable. We see the asset accumulation required
to bridge this gap as a long-term growth opportunity
for private pension providers such as 1) asset managers,
especially those with exposure to private markets, and 2)
wealth managers.

Addressing (new) retirement needs
In many developed countries, the traditional retirement
model, characterized by stable pension payments from
defined benefit (DB) plans and public pensions, is
undergoing a significant transformation—shifting the
burden of risk from employers to individuals through
defined contribution (DC) plans. Unfavorable demographic
trends as well as high government debt levels make it
difficult for many countries to sustain pension systems in
their current form (see Figure 22). The World Economic
Forum projects that the global gap between retirement
savings and retirement income needs will reach USD 400
trillion in three decades—more than five times the size of the
global economy. As a result, individuals will need to depend
more on personal retirement plans for their post-retirement
income.

Figure 22 - Assets earmarked for retirement in
selected jurisdictions
in % of GDP

Source: OECD (Pensions Outlook 2024), UBS as of February 2025

Asset managers
Asset managers are poised to benefit from the increasing
demand for private pension plans. We believe the
private market sector (including private equity, private

18



Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Longevity

credit, infrastructure, real estate) especially has structural
strength within the asset management industry. As global
demographics expand the total savings pool, private
individuals are likely to seek enhanced returns through
diversification. Furthermore, private market investments
typically require longer holding periods, which align well
with the extended time horizons of retirement planning. This
trend is further supported by a global shift toward easing the
regulatory landscape governing pension assets and private
market investments.

According to Partners Group, the private wealth channel
currently allocates only about 2% to private markets,
compared to an institutional allocation in the high 20s.
So, many of the largest alternative asset managers
have introduced products for private individuals, such as
private market funds with liquid and semi-liquid structures,
allowing for periodic redemptions. For instance, BlackRock
announced a partnership with Partners Group in 2024 to
develop model portfolios for wealth management clients.
Companies in the industry anticipate significant growth over
the next decade, as illustrated in Figure 23. Partners Group,
for example, projects that around half of the private market
growth, or a ~15% compound annual growth rate (CAGR),
will come from the wealth channel, which is seen as a USD
6-8 trillion investment opportunity by 2033. Within private
markets, private credit is expected to be the fastest-growing
segment, driven by high capital requirements for banks in
riskier client segments and a natural demand for investors
to match longer-term liability durations.

Figure 23 - Private wealth channels are a USD 6-8
trillion investment opportunity for private markets
Asset under management in USD trillion

Source: Partners Group, Preqin, UBS as of February 2025

Wealth managers
We expect global wealth to grow at a compound annual
growth rate (CAGR) of 6-7% by 2030, based on data
from Oliver Wyman, with the ultra-high net worth (UHNW)

segment continuing to expand the fastest. However, the
mass affluent segment, defined as those with net wealth
of USD 100,000 to 1 million, will become increasingly more
important (see Figure 24) as the average adult lifespan
extends, allowing more time for wealth accumulation.
Longevity presents an attractive opportunity for wealth
managers, in our view. For UHNW clients, the challenge
lies in maintaining their lifestyle while navigating complex
wealth transfer dynamics. For affluent clients, the focus will
be on providing stable financial guidance for retirement, as
the shift of retirement responsibilities to individuals increases
the demand for advice and tailored retirement solutions.

As a result, we expect wealth managers to broaden their
product offerings to include private markets and insurance
products, and to evolve their service delivery models to
capitalize on the wealth transfer opportunities to younger
generations. We see several ways for wealth managers to
broaden their integrated retirements solutions: They can
1. build partnerships across the ecosystem,

2. better integrate across business silos if they possess the
necessary in-house expertise, or

3. pursue a technology-led platform strategy.

Figure 24 - Percentage of adults by global wealth
bands
Wealth per adult is growing – wealth band of USD 10-100k tripled in
three decades

Source: UBS (Global Wealth Report 2024); Note: > USD 1mn represents
only a very small amount

Revenue opportunities
Longevity will affect both asset and wealth managers as
individuals will have to cope with changing pension models
that put the burden to provide financially for their retirement
phase on their own shoulders. This poses an attractive
opportunity for the asset gatherers as both products and
distribution channels currently do not cater to these varying

19



Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Longevity

needs across the life cycle (accumulation, decumulation,
longevity protection, and wealth transfer), especially in
lower wealth bands.

Asset gatherers can tap into a huge and growing
revenue pool. We see this as a USD 500 billion-plus
revenue opportunity driven by increased private market
allocations from retail investors, expanding products and
advice, and shifting deposits sitting on the sidelines
into retirement-focused accounts. Close to 50% of total
euro area household financial assets was parked in
currency investments and cash deposits in 2023, excluding
life insurance and pension assets, according to the
European Central Bank. This compares to an average
wealth management client whose cash and money-market
instruments account for about a fifth of their portfolio.

Conclusion
We see tremendous opportunities for asset gatherers. Asset
managers are likely to see the biggest opportunities in
private markets, which stand to benefit from growing
allocations in accumulation and from income demand in
an extended decumulation phases. On the wealth manager
side, the opportunity is most prominent in the mass affluent
segment as the retirement burden shifting to the individual
drives a greater need for advice and retirement solutions
targeted for that segment.

Sacha Holderegger (Equity strategist)

Financials (insurance)

A widening funding gap
According to the World Economic Forum, the retirement
savings gap keeps rising across most countries, led by the
US, where it is estimated to reach more than USD 137
trillion by 2050, and China, at almost USD 120 trillion by the
same date (see Figure 25). Meanwhile, the net replacement
rate (defined as the individual net pension entitlement
divided by net pre-retirement earnings, taking account of
personal income taxes and social security contributions paid
by workers and pensioners) is at 61% (see Figure 26).
Old-age dependency ratios are increasing across the globe,
which, together with strained public finances, implies that
individuals need to save for themselves rather than rely on
governments to provide for them in old age. As populations

grow older, the "pay-as-you-go" social security model will
be tested, and most models—at least in their current forms
—are likely to struggle to survive. As a result, individuals will
have to consider other sources of income for retirement.

Figure 25 - Retirement savings gap is growing
Retirement savings gap by 2025, in value, USD trillions

Source: World Economic Forum, UBS, as of June 2019

Figure 26 - The net pension replacement rate at a
normal retirement age averages 61%
Net replacement rate from mandatory pension schemes at the normal
retirement age averages

Source: OECD, Pensions at glance 2023, UBS

The move toward Defined Contribution is an
opportunity for life insurers
The increasing trend of individuals living longer
than anticipated—called longevity risk—poses significant
challenges for retirement systems worldwide. For those
without guaranteed lifelong income, there are mounting
concerns about depleting their savings during the
decumulation phase (at retirement). Pension funds and
annuity providers face the financial strain of payments
over longer periods than initially projected. Recent data
underscore the gravity of the issues. Despite huge
growth, the exposure to longevity risk remains substantial.

20



Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Longevity

These challenges are driving a shift in retirement
planning paradigms. Companies facing large pension-
related longevity risk will increasingly look to move toward
defined contribution retirement plans that put the onus
on the individual to supplement pensions with personal
savings.

Study case
The Netherlands has been a pioneer in overhauling its
pension system, transitioning from traditional defined
benefit (DB) schemes to defined contribution (DC). These
significant reforms aim to address the financial sustainability
of the system and adapt to demographic changes. The
new system is expected to be fully implemented by 2027,
shifting investment risks from employers to employees,
aligning pension outcomes more closely with individual
contributions. This shift represents significant growth for
Dutch life insurers, as this reform will expand the DC pension
market.

According to the “UBS International Pension Gap Index,”
private savings are a necessity to maintain an accustomed
lifestyle in most retirement systems. Furthermore, even in
systems that don’t require savings, the uncertainty related
to benefit outcomes, or questions about the sustainability
of schemes suggest additional savings are prudent. Personal
savings and investments will be key for sustaining a better
life, especially as public support will likely be lower in the
future.

Individuals will be more responsible for the
decumulation phase
With the growing shift toward individual responsibility
for retirement planning, life insurers and other financial
institutions (wealth managers and asset managers) that
offer products to manage wealth accumulation and mitigate
risks in the decumulation phase are well positioned to tap
into the increasing need for people to manage their money
and not outlive their assets. The insurance sector offers a
diverse suite of products aimed at supporting individuals
throughout their retirement journey and beyond, seeking
both financial security and better quality of life.

• Life insurance policies that provide financial protection
for dependents in case of premature death, particularly
during the wealth-building phase.

• Annuities and structured drawdown products that
safeguard against longevity risk, ensuring a steady stream
of income for the decumulation phase.

• Pension savings plans (group and individual) to help
people build financial reserves for retirement.

As insurers take on a greater role in providing annuities and
end-of-life care, they will also shoulder significant longevity
risk, posing challenges in pricing and risk management.
Traditionally, insurers have managed this on their balance
sheets while transferring some exposure to reinsurers. A
balanced approach, combining mortality products with
annuities, helps mitigate longevity risk. We expect the
market for longevity risk transfer (longevity swaps, buy-ins,
and buy-outs) to develop rapidly in the coming years.

We anticipate growth opportunities for insurers in the
savings and protection sectors across certain emerging
markets, particularly in Asia, as economic development
progresses and people want to protect their wealth. Beyond
rising income and expanding middle-class populations,
two key drivers are the limited pension and health care
coverage provided by employers and governments, along
with generally low life insurance products penetration rates.
As individuals transition from low to middle incomes,
their spending patterns evolve, initially prioritizing basic
protection before gradually incorporating savings and
retirement products as financial security and wealth
improve.

Revenue opportunities
Longevity is reshaping the life insurance industry, creating
new revenue streams as people live longer and require more
financial protection. For example, longevity risk products
such as retirement and annuities, hybrid life and long-term
care insurance, and extended policy laps.

According to the United Nations, the number of people
aged 65 and above should increase meaningfully and we
see an opportunity up to USD 720 billion coming from an
aging population for life insurers.

Conclusion
We see tremendous opportunities for life insurance thanks
to the aging population. The move toward managing
personal finances due to the growing pension gap, state
disengagement, and longer lifespans will be a source of
opportunities and risks for life insurers. By addressing both
wealth accumulation and post-retirement financial stability,
insurers play a crucial role in enabling individuals to navigate
the complexity of longer life expectancy.

Longevity risk exposes life insurers to financial strain as
policyholders outlive expectations, increasing annuity and
pension liabilities. It could lead to higher-than-expected
payouts, asset-liability mismatches, and underreserved
capital. Lower interest rates and economic growth could also
be a drag, as well as changes in the regulatory framework.

Thomas Parmentier (Equity strategist)

21



Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Longevity

Real estate

Greater longevity and aging populations have meaningful
implications for the real estate market. Most older people
prefer to live as long as possible in their own homes despite
potential care needs. Aging in place requires the structure
and location of houses to meet high standards. Barrier-free
homes with age-specific interior designs and easy access to
local amenities are in demand. But with rising care needs
—particularly when continuous care and monitoring are
required—specialized nursing care facilities will become a
necessity supporting demand for health care real estate.

Figure 27 - Living and health care real assets
Health care property assets can be categorized into health care, which
focus on medical services, and living, which focuses on wellness and
care

Source: CLI Group Research, UBS

Even more importantly, the high-wealth share of the elderly
population should support demand for wellness-related
real estate. As loneliness becomes a major issue for some
in old age, independent and assisted living facilities will
likely become more popular. Investments in wellness-related
real estate have already been growing strongly. During
2019-2023, average transaction volumes grew 32% in Asia
Pacific, 29% in the Americas, and 23% in Europe, the
Middle East, and Africa, compared to the preceding five
years, demonstrating structural growth opportunities in this
segment.

Figure 28 - Need for care rises sharply with age
Percentage of households with severe difficulties in personal care
activities or household activities, European countries 2019

Source: Eurostat, as of 2019

Revenue opportunities
“The key drivers of long-term organic growth for the
senior living industry are incredibly strong. New construction
remains historically low, and even if macro factors improve
rapidly, it can still take up to three years to open a
new community after construction begins. Meanwhile, the
demand for senior housing is poised to surge, driven by
robust demographic trends. Combining low supply exposure
with age-driven demand highlights the positive industry
fundamentals that will fuel significant growth for us and our
industry.” - Brookdale 2023 annual report.

Greater longevity could fuel demand for senior living
facilities, including assisted living and nursing homes in
the coming years. By 2030, the number of people over
the age of 85 in the US is projected to rise by nearly
30%, according to the World Bank. Moreover, the cohort
born between 1940 and 1949 has significantly greater
wealth than previous generations. This presents real estate
developers and real estate investment trusts (REITs) with a
structurally growing market with robust occupancy levels
and stable cash flows. According to Grand View Research,
the US senior living market alone was valued at about
USD 923 billion in 2023, and is projected to grow at
a CAGR of around 4.1% to reach USD 1.2 trillion by
2030. The retirement home sector has low sensitivity to the
business cycle over the long term and offers potential for
diversification when included in a real estate portfolio.

Overall, the market offers opportunities for privately
financed facilities in the upper price segment, where
better medical services and a higher quality of life (e.g.,
apartments open for shared living with a partner) can be
provided. Building complexes with a broad mix of offers are
particularly attractive, in our view.

22



Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Longevity

Health care REITs may also stand to benefit from a larger
asset base as more health care facilities get developed.
The global health care REIT sector is estimated to have a
total market capitalization of about USD 120 billion by UBS
estimates, and is expected to grow as aging populations call
for more investment in this sector.

The global wellness retreat market was valued at USD 181
billion in 2022 and is projected to reach USD 364 billion
by 2032, registering a CAGR of 7.4%, according to Allied
Market Research. This presents growth opportunities for real
estate catering to wellness resorts, in our view. Demand for
wellness services has been driven by increased stress levels,
the desire for digital detoxification, and a growing focus on
holistic health and wellness.

Conclusion
A demographic shift and greater longevity present the
global real estate market with significant growth and
transformational opportunities, in our view. These include
wellness, independent living, assisted living, nursing homes,
and specialized health care centers.

Key risks to our thesis include those facing the broader
real estate sector. For example, high interest rates may
adversely affect asset valuations, and cyclical oversupply
could introduce periods of volatility in rents.

Wen-Ching Lee (Equity strategist), Matthias Holzey (Equity
strategist), Jonathan Woloshin (Equity strategist)

Industrials

Service and medical robots: Supporting an aging
population
When people think about automation, most envision an
industrial robot assembling a car. In reality, that is only
one part of the automation value chain. In our automation
and robotics theme, we focus on industrial applications
in factory or process automation, both of which play an
important role for an aging population in both emerging
and developed markets. In particular, we believe factory
automation will be a significant topic and an attractive
investment opportunity (see Figure 29).

However, in the context of longevity, we think more
about medical and service robots, which the International
Organization for Standardization defines as a “robot in
personal or professional use that performs useful tasks for
humans or equipment” and a medical robot as “intended to
be used as medical electrical equipment or medical electrical
systems” (ISO 8373).

Figure 29 - Each of the following years is expected
to hit a fresh all-time-high in new installations
Annual installations of industrial robots

Source: IFR International Federation of Robotics (World Robotics 2024),
UBS

The International Federation of Robotics (IFR) provides
annual sample data to offer insights into market dynamics.
The market for service and medical robots has been growing
dynamically in recent years. Based on their sample of firms,
the market for new professional service robots reached
205,000 units in 2023, growing 30% year over year. Most
of the robots were registered in Asia (79%), followed
by Europe (17%) and the Americas (4%). This number
includes all kinds of service robots, ranging from cleaning to
hospitality and other sectors (see Figure 30).

Figure 30 - Strong growth in the demand for
service and medical robots in 2023
Top 5 application areas of professional service and medical robots

Source: IFR International Federation of Robotics (World Robotics 2024),
UBS

The market for new medical robots, based on their sample
of firms, reached 6,200 units and grew even faster, with
a 36% year-over-year increase. Rehabilitation and non-
invasive therapy robots grew fastest at 128% year over
year, followed by diagnostic robots (+25% y/y) and surgical

23



Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Longevity

robots (+4% y/y). (Source: IFR World Robotics 2024 – Service
Robots).

Lastly, a category where we often encounter them in our
daily life is consumer service robots (e.g., vacuum cleaners,
robot lawn mowers, and others). This category grew by just
1% to 4.1 million units, based on their sample of firms.

The International Federation of Robotics counts 921 service
and medical robot manufacturers globally. They characterize
the market as very dynamic, with a lot of M&A activity.
Most firms are located in Europe (405 service robot firms),
followed by Asia (268 firms), and the Americas (233 firms),
with almost all based in North America. From a country
perspective, most are located in the US (199 service robot
firms, of which 12% represent medical robots), China (107
firms, 5% medical robots), and Germany (83 firms, 12%
medical robots).

As an equity investor, it is not easy to find pure-play
firms, as most are not publicly listed or represent smaller
business segments within larger corporations. Many classical
industrial or medtech firms also have an offering of service
or medical robots. The private equity market offers some
investment opportunities for the industry.

The growth prospects are attractive, in our view, as
demographic changes drive demand and the application
of generative AI improves technological functions and
performance.

Automation and robotics capital expenditure is influenced
by the economic cycle. The risk for these firms have
become evident over the past two years. A global
manufacturing recession, coupled with high inventories
following the COVID-19 rebound, resulted in weaker
demand for automation equipment. This indicates that
the sector has a cyclical element, meaning it is sensitive
to any manufacturing downturns. Specifically, demand for
service and medical robots will depend on the respective
end-markets, as consumer and medical equipment may
have different investment cycles. However, we believe that
growth is more protected as technological advancements
for these products provide access to more applications.

Alexander Stiehler (Equity strategist)

Conclusion

The longevity market is poised for significant growth. Health
care, with its focus on meeting the needs of an aging
population, is a primary driver, while innovations in pharma,
particularly in metabolic diseases and cancer treatment,
are set to enhance longevity and boost market expansion.
The medical device industry, diagnostics, and managed-care
firms should benefit from increased demand for elderly-
focused treatments and services. Additionally, consumer
companies targeting healthy aging, the leisure market, and
real estate developments in senior living could capitalize
on the growing needs of seniors. As individuals increase
their allocations to private markets and life insurers address
the widening global pension gap, these sectors are well
positioned to target revenue growth exceeding GDP rates.

Longer-Term Investment themes
How do we define the investment opportunity today? We
believe the Longevity TRIO aligns well with several of our
Longer-Term Investment (LTI) themes, including Obesity,
Oncology, Medical Devices, Aging in Comfort, and The
digital consumer (only the: hotels & leisure part). In our
view, these long-term trends either directly enable increased
longevity or benefit from increasing lifespans.

Over time, we also think our Genetic therapies and
HealthTech LTIs will drive and benefit from longer lifespans
through developments such as improved access to capital,
which would allow both gene therapy and healthtech
companies to better fund clinical development. We also see
further technological advances for gene therapies, leading
to the proof-of-concept and regulatory authorizations
of additional products. Finally, a continued movement
towards value-based care should increase demand for data/
digitization and data-driven health solutions.

Themes that are not currently part of our investment
universe but still influence longevity or benefit from the
trend include our Food revolution theme (see section
further below: "Healthier diets can increase lifespans, but
food access and affordability matter"), our Water scarcity
theme, which covers investment opportunities in water
infrastructure that provides access to clean water and
sewage systems, and our Automation and robotics theme,
given demand for automation equipment across many
industries will increase as workforces age. The Diversity
and Equality theme also covers companies positioning to
capture the shifting preferences of female consumers and
employees, who are both underserved in terms of health
care research and delivery. This demographic is expected
to control over 75% of discretionary spending by 2028

24



Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Longevity

(sources: Nielsen, BCG) and inherit USD 9 trillion of wealth
in the next decade (UBS).

Sustainability across sectors

Increased life expectancy can in large part be attributed
to reduced child and infant mortality, cleaner water, better
hygiene, and improved health care access—all of which tie
in closely with sustainability issues. However, life expectancy
can also dial back, as seen when COVID-19 led global life
expectancy to drop by nearly two years to 2012 levels (at
71.4 years), according to the WHO. It is therefore crucial
to consider how sustainability topics beyond access to
health care impact longevity. Importantly, healthy longevity
—having good physical, cognitive, and social functioning
throughout life, as defined by the WHO—is not increasing
at the same rate as total life expectancy, potentially leading
to burdens in later life stages and affecting demographics,
health care systems, and long-term financial planning.

Sustainability implications are therefore intertwined with
aging and longevity. Demographic shifts can present
sustainability gaps, and addressing these risks and
opportunities—specifically across food and agriculture,
health care, workforce, and gender equality—can benefit
healthy aging and longer lifespans.

Healthier diets can increase lifespans, but food access
and affordability matter
The aging population may need fewer calories, but
nutritional needs remain the same and can even increase.
Various studies support the notion that balancing caloric
and nutritional needs can help extend longevity or at
least facilitate good health and enhance quality of life.
In other words, longevity gains may plateau if food isn’t
considered part of the issue. However, the critical issue of
food affordability persists, as a healthy diet can cost up
to four times more than a calorie-sufficient one, according
to the World Bank. About one in three people globally
could not afford a healthy diet in 2022, with the number
jumping to two-thirds in low- and lower-middle-income
countries, according to the World Bank and FAO. On
top of this, rising global populations and climate change
are expected to exacerbate food security challenges. For
food and agriculture to truly benefit longevity, we believe
the increase in the supply and production of healthy
food requires a multi-faceted approach. This includes
transforming toward regenerative food systems, improving
nutritional information, and investing in transport and
storage to improve the resilience of existing food systems.
For more details, see our Longer Term Investment theme
Food revolution.

Figure 31 - Increase in healthy and non-healthy life
expectancy differs across countries
Increase in life expectancy from 2000 to 2019: For Germany, life
expectancy increased by 2.9 years between 2010 and 2019, of which
1.9 years is driven by the “Healthy” and 1 year by the “Non-Healthy”

Source: World Health Organization, UBS

Resilient health care systems needed; spotlight on
meeting women’s needs
Front and center to the demographic shift and increased
longevity is having a resilient health care system. Poor health
conditions create a cycle of economic inefficiency, reducing
economic productivity and government tax revenue, which
leads to poorer quality of life. Improving health care
infrastructure and access for all—especially the most
vulnerable—ensures quality care and addresses critical
disparities across gender, race, and socioeconomic status.

Women tend to live longer, but with a poorer quality of
life. While women globally tend to outlive men generally
by 5-7 years, they often face a disproportionate burden
of health conditions, compounded by systemic gender
biases in health care—including underrepresentation in
clinical trials, delayed diagnosis, and unequal access to
therapies—leading to poorer quality of life in later years.
The opportunity lies in innovations in gender-inclusive
medical research, accessible health care delivery models, and
preventative care solutions, catering to unmet needs and
progressing toward health equality.

Beyond health care, investors should consider how longevity
itself will change consumer and workforce dynamics for
all companies. As women live longer, and as they become
wealthier, they control a larger share of global wealth
and spending power. According to Nielsen, women are
expected to control 74% of global discretionary spending
in the next five years. Women are also increasingly closing
the education gaps with men across regions. When we
layer longer-living populations into this analysis, it becomes
clear investors need to calibrate portfolios across sectors to
capture women’s rising economic force.

25



Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Longevity

Women and older people are key to mitigate labor
shortage driven by an aging population
Living longer requires continued labor and productivity to
support the economy and particularly the older population,
but the labor force may face shortages due to global
aging and lower fertility rates. We believe human capital
management matters, and enhancing employee wellbeing
and health could generate USD 11.7 trillion in global
economic value, according to McKinsey. This necessitates
rethinking the future of working and adapting to an aging
workforce. A recent Allianz report found 30% of the global
workforce will be aged 50 and older by 2050. Policymakers
have reacted by delaying retirement ages, as seen recently
in France and China. Forming an age-inclusive workforce
means offering flexible working arrangements and career
development opportunities for all ages. But a shrinking
labor force means preparing the workforce with effective
skillsets and knowledge to enhance productivity, enabled by
technology and AI.

Longevity and the aging population will play out differently
across regions. Developing countries will be vital for global
growth as they take a rising share of both labor supply and
consumption. Government policymaking is likely to explore
friendly immigration policies and incentives to attract
younger talent and balance labor market demand. However,
this often reflects inequality issues—an International Labor
Organization study shows that migrants earn nearly 13%
less than national workers, with the gap as high as 42% in
some countries (see our Diversity and equality Longer Term
Investment theme).

Female labor force participation has also risen in
recent decades, but barriers persist—from caregiving
responsibilities to workplace inequalities. In addition, over
half of the female health burden affects women during
their working years, as reported by McKinsey. Continued
female contribution to the labor force is crucial for
partly mitigating the effects of a rising demographic
change, companies should therefore consider providing
family-friendly employee benefits, childcare, and targeted
women’s health solutions (e.g., egg-freezing) to improve
employee retention and promote gender equity in the
workplace.

Integrate sustainability considerations in your
portfolio
Achieving sustainable and healthy longevity requires a
holistic change to food, agriculture, health care, and
workforce management. Investors can prioritize solutions
that bridge these sustainability gaps, and we also see
continued engagement opportunities with companies on
issues like transforming sustainable and responsible food

production, and improving workplace health and well-
being. To prepare the workforce for an aging population,
ESG Leaders companies that are superior at human capital
management—via the promotion of workspace diversity,
employee safety, pay equality, and training and upskilling—
will strive to extract long-term value from improved labor
productivity.

Amantia Muhedini (Sustainable & Impact Investing
strategist), Amanda Gu (Sustainable Investing analyst)

Risk Considerations

There are several risks to consider when investing in
this theme. The aging population significantly affects
economic productivity, health care systems, and social
support structures, requiring governments to adapt
through policies that promote lifelong learning, workforce
participation for older individuals, and technological
advancements. Countries with slower aging populations
or declining birthrates may experience uneven market
opportunities, limiting growth potential. External forces
such as global conflict, environmental damage or a rise
in any global infections can also increase mortality rates.
Additionally, changing consumer behavior among seniors
adds uncertainty, as companies must constantly adjust to
evolving preferences in technology adoption and product
demand. For insurers, the risk of policyholders living
longer than expected (longevity risk), can have significant
implications for products such as annuities or pensions.

Economic and health care-related risks also pose significant
challenges to the longevity theme. Many older individuals
rely on fixed incomes or pensions, which can limit their
spending power and restrict growth in industries catering
to them. At the same time, rising health care costs place
a burden on both public systems and private providers,
potentially straining profitability in the sector. Policymakers
and insurers must collaborate on sustainable reimbursement
models that balance affordability and accessibility, ensuring
that businesses can thrive while managing cost pressures.
Without proper planning, these financial constraints could
slow innovation and limit the sector’s expansion.

Furthermore, the outcomes of pharmaceutical clinical trials
present a significant risk to share price performance.
Unfavorable trial results, delays in drug approval or any
legal threats including product liability cases can lead to
substantial financial losses for companies, affecting investor
confidence and market valuations. As the pharmaceutical
industry is heavily reliant on successful drug development,

26



Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Longevity

any setbacks in clinical trials can result in share price
underperformance.

27



Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Longevity

The longevity value chain

Source: UBS estimates, as of March 2025 *Vitamins, minerals, and supplements; Note: There is an enlarged picture of this figure at the end of this
document

Longevity drivers and sources of opportunities

Source: UBS, United Nations (World Prospectus 2024)

28



Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Longevity

Appendix

Risk information
UBS Chief Investment Office's ("CIO") investment views are prepared and published by the Global Wealth Management
business of UBS Switzerland AG (regulated by FINMA in Switzerland) or its affiliates ("UBS"), part of UBS Group AG ("UBS
Group"). UBS Group includes former Credit Suisse AG, its subsidiaries, branches and affiliates. Additional disclaimer relevant
to Credit Suisse Wealth Management follows at the end of this section.
The investment views have been prepared in accordance with legal requirements designed to promote the independence
of investment research.
Generic investment research – Risk information:
This publication is for your information only and is not intended as an offer, or a solicitation of an offer, to buy or sell
any investment or other specific product. The analysis contained herein does not constitute a personal recommendation or
take into account the particular investment objectives, investment strategies, financial situation and needs of any specific
recipient. It is based on numerous assumptions. Different assumptions could result in materially different results. Certain
services and products are subject to legal restrictions and cannot be offered worldwide on an unrestricted basis and/or may
not be eligible for sale to all investors. All information and opinions expressed in this document were obtained from sources
believed to be reliable and in good faith, but no representation or warranty, express or implied, is made as to its accuracy
or completeness (other than disclosures relating to UBS). All information and opinions as well as any forecasts, estimates
and market prices indicated are current as of the date of this report, and are subject to change without notice. Opinions
expressed herein may differ or be contrary to those expressed by other business areas or divisions of UBS as a result of
using different assumptions and/or criteria. UBS may utilise artificial intelligence tools (“AI Tools”) in the preparation of this
document. Notwithstanding any such use of AI Tools, this document has undergone human review.
In no circumstances may this document or any of the information (including any forecast, value, index or other calculated
amount ("Values")) be used for any of the following purposes (i) valuation or accounting purposes; (ii) to determine the
amounts due or payable, the price or the value of any financial instrument or financial contract; or (iii) to measure the
performance of any financial instrument including, without limitation, for the purpose of tracking the return or performance
of any Value or of defining the asset allocation of portfolio or of computing performance fees. By receiving this document
and the information you will be deemed to represent and warrant to UBS that you will not use this document or otherwise
rely on any of the information for any of the above purposes. UBS and any of its directors or employees may be entitled at
any time to hold long or short positions in investment instruments referred to herein, carry out transactions involving relevant
investment instruments in the capacity of principal or agent, or provide any other services or have officers, who serve as
directors, either to/for the issuer, the investment instrument itself or to/for any company commercially or financially affiliated
to such issuers. At any time, investment decisions (including whether to buy, sell or hold securities) made by UBS and its
employees may differ from or be contrary to the opinions expressed in UBS research publications. Some investments may not
be readily realizable since the market in the securities is illiquid and therefore valuing the investment and identifying the risk
to which you are exposed may be difficult to quantify. UBS relies on information barriers to control the flow of information
contained in one or more areas within UBS, into other areas, units, divisions or affiliates of UBS. Futures and options trading
is not suitable for every investor as there is a substantial risk of loss, and losses in excess of an initial investment may occur.
Past performance of an investment is no guarantee for its future performance. Additional information will be made available
upon request. Some investments may be subject to sudden and large falls in value and on realization you may receive back
less than you invested or may be required to pay more. Changes in foreign exchange rates may have an adverse effect on
the price, value or income of an investment. The analyst(s) responsible for the preparation of this report may interact with
trading desk personnel, sales personnel and other constituencies for the purpose of gathering, synthesizing and interpreting
market information.
Different areas, groups, and personnel within UBS Group may produce and distribute separate research products
independently of each other. For example, research publications from CIO are produced by UBS Global Wealth
Management. UBS Global Research is produced by UBS Investment Bank. Research methodologies and rating systems
of each separate research organization may differ, for example, in terms of investment recommendations, investment
horizon, model assumptions, and valuation methods. As a consequence, except for certain economic forecasts (for which
UBS CIO and UBS Global Research may collaborate), investment recommendations, ratings, price targets, and valuations
provided by each of the separate research organizations may be different, or inconsistent. You should refer to each relevant
research product for the details as to their methodologies and rating system. Not all clients may have access to all products
from every organization. Each research product is subject to the policies and procedures of the organization that produces it.
The compensation of the analyst(s) who prepared this report is determined exclusively by research management and senior
management (not including investment banking). Analyst compensation is not based on investment banking, sales and
trading or principal trading revenues, however, compensation may relate to the revenues of UBS Group as a whole, of which
investment banking, sales and trading and principal trading are a part.
Tax treatment depends on the individual circumstances and may be subject to change in the future. UBS does not provide
legal or tax advice and makes no representations as to the tax treatment of assets or the investment returns thereon both in

29



Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Longevity

general or with reference to specific client's circumstances and needs. We are of necessity unable to take into account the
particular investment objectives, financial situation and needs of our individual clients and we would recommend that you
take financial and/or tax advice as to the implications (including tax) of investing in any of the products mentioned herein.
This material may not be reproduced or copies circulated without prior authority of UBS. Unless otherwise agreed in writing
UBS expressly prohibits the distribution and transfer of this material to third parties for any reason. UBS accepts no liability
whatsoever for any claims or lawsuits from any third parties arising from the use or distribution of this material. This report
is for distribution only under such circumstances as may be permitted by applicable law. For information on the ways in
which CIO manages conflicts and maintains independence of its investment views and publication offering, and research
and rating methodologies, please visit www.ubs.com/research-methodology. Additional information on the relevant authors
of this publication and other CIO publication(s) referenced in this report; and copies of any past reports on this topic; are
available upon request from your client advisor.
Important Information About Sustainable Investing Strategies: Sustainable investing strategies aim to consider
and incorporate environmental, social and governance (ESG) factors into investment process and portfolio construction.
Strategies across geographies approach ESG analysis and incorporate the findings in a variety of ways. Incorporating ESG
factors or Sustainable Investing considerations may inhibit UBS’s ability to participate in or to advise on certain investment
opportunities that otherwise would be consistent with the Client’s investment objectives. The returns on a portfolio
incorporating ESG factors or Sustainable Investing considerations may be lower or higher than portfolios where ESG factors,
exclusions, or other sustainability issues are not considered by UBS, and the investment opportunities available to such
portfolios may differ.
External Asset Managers / External Financial Consultants: In case this research or publication is provided to an External
Asset Manager or an External Financial Consultant, UBS expressly prohibits that it is redistributed by the External Asset
Manager or the External Financial Consultant and is made available to their clients and/or third parties.
USA: Distributed to US persons only by UBS Financial Services Inc. or UBS Securities LLC, subsidiaries of UBS AG. UBS
Switzerland AG, UBS Europe SE, UBS Bank, S.A., UBS Brasil Administradora de Valores Mobiliarios Ltda, UBS Asesores Mexico,
S.A. de C.V., UBS SuMi TRUST Wealth Management Co., Ltd., UBS Wealth Management Israel Ltd and UBS Menkul Degerler
AS are affiliates of UBS AG. UBS Financial Services Inc. accepts responsibility for the content of a report prepared
by a non-US affiliate when it distributes reports to US persons. All transactions by a US person in the securities
mentioned in this report should be effected through a US-registered broker dealer affiliated with UBS, and not
through a non-US affiliate. The contents of this report have not been and will not be approved by any securities
or investment authority in the United States or elsewhere. UBS Financial Services Inc. is not acting as a municipal
advisor to any municipal entity or obligated person within the meaning of Section 15B of the Securities Exchange
Act (the "Municipal Advisor Rule") and the opinions or views contained herein are not intended to be, and do
not constitute, advice within the meaning of the Municipal Advisor Rule.
For country information, please visit ubs.com/cio-country-disclaimer-gr or ask your client advisor for the full disclaimer.
Additional Disclaimer relevant to Credit Suisse Wealth Management
You receive this document in your capacity as a client of Credit Suisse Wealth Management. Your personal data will be
processed in accordance with the Credit Suisse privacy statement accessible at your domicile through the official Credit
Suisse website . In order to provide you with marketing materials concerning our products and services, UBS Group AG
and its subsidiaries may process your basic personal data (i.e. contact details such as name, e-mail address) until you notify
us that you no longer wish to receive them. You can optout from receiving these materials at any time by informing your
Relationship Manager.
Except as otherwise specified herein and/or depending on the local Credit Suisse entity from which you are receiving this
report, this report is distributed by UBS Switzerland AG, authorised and regulated by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory
Authority (FINMA).
Version A/2025. CIO82652744
© UBS 2025. The key symbol and UBS are among the registered and unregistered trademarks of UBS. All rights reserved.

30

http://www.ubs.com/research-methodology
https://www.ubs.com/global/en/wealthmanagement/insights/chief-investment-office/country-disclaimer-gr.html

