
For UBS Marketing purposes

Get exposure to the new CIO's "Longevity" EPL through the Participation Certificates.

Participation Certificates on
CIO's "Longevity" EPL
22 May 2025, 09:09 UTC, written by Federica Cinitiempo

The UBS Chief Investment Office believes there are three transformational innovation opportunities (TRIOs)
that will drive equity markets in the coming decade: Artificial intelligence, Power and resources, and Longevity.
Longevity as a thematic topic covers opportunities that capitalize on a longer lifespan. The new Participation
Certificates linked to the "Longevity" EPL are now available for subscription.

Interested in the Longevity theme but unsure which stock to choose? Consider UBS Chief Investment Office's (CIO)
expertise with active management for guided exposure!

Longevity as a thematic topic covers opportunities that capitalize on a longer lifespan. The combination of ever-increasing
lifespans and a demographic shift toward an older population creates a range of investment opportunities across various
sectors, such as health care, consumer, financial services, and real estate.

The UBS Chief Investment Office (CIO) forecast the total market opportunity could reach around USD 8 trillion by the end
of this decade. For CIO stock picks, investors should see the new Longevity Equity List, which highlights companies
CIO believes are best positioned to capitalize on the aforementioned tailwinds.

How does the Participation Certificate on CIO's "Longevity" EPL work?
• Efficient and easy access to a careful selection of global stocks in the "Longevity" investment theme that UBS CIO

expects to outperform their MSCI AC World Healthcare benchmark



For UBS Marketing purposes

• Dynamic adjustments via rebalancing when UBS CIO adjusts the EPL

• Potential for unlimited participation in the performance of the dynamic reference portfolio

• Flexible trading in secondary market (under normal market conditions)

The product has a tenor of 7 years (extendible at the option of the issuer for an additional 7 year period), is issued by UBS
and available in: USD (ISIN: CH1423891808), EUR (ISIN: CH1423891790), CHF (ISIN: CH1423891816).

Most important risks of the Participation Certificate
• You may lose a significant part or all of your capital invested. The Participation Certificate is not capital protected.

• The potential early redemption of the Participation Certificate may expose you to reinvestment risk.

• Investors are fully exposed to the default risk of the Issuer. In the worst case a default of the Issuer can lead to a loss
of the entire invested capital.

For more information about the product and exemplary scenarios analysis, please check the SP Finder* page.

The above information is for marketing purposes and should not be considered as personal investment advice.

I look forward to discussing this interesting investment opportunity with you in more detail.

Important Information:

• This material has been prepared and issued by UBS AG and/or any of its affiliates ("UBS", "our", "we" and "us"). The securities, derivatives or other financial instruments

described herein ("Instruments") may not be eligible for sale in all jurisdictions or to certain categories of investors. This material is for distribution only under such

circumstances as may be permitted by applicable law, rules and/or regulations. All communications between you and us may be monitored.

• Please click here and read the important information carefully and thoroughly.

• This summary was finalized on 27-March-2025 by Global Markets Solutions team, a unit of UBS Switzerland AG, regulated by FINMA in Switzerland, and disseminated

by the same Global Market Solutions team for the first time on 27-March-2025.

• This material is prepared, in whole or in part, using the Artificial Intelligence tool Co-pilot.

*This marketing material describes generic product structures only. It can deviate from the specific product features described in this article. It is designed to give you a better

understanding of how the product works in general.

Disclaimer
This document is prepared and published by the Global Wealth Management business of UBS Switzerland AG (regulated by
FINMA in Switzerland), its subsidiaries or its affiliates ("UBS"), part of UBS Group AG ("UBS Group"). UBS Group includes former
Credit Suisse AG, its subsidiaries, branches and affiliates. In the USA, UBS Financial Services Inc. is a subsidiary of UBS AG and a
member of FINRA/SIPC. Additional Disclaimer relevant to Credit Suisse Wealth Management follows at the end of this section.
This document and the information contained herein are provided solely for your information and UBS marketing
purposes. Nothing in this document constitutes investment research, investment advice, a sales prospectus, or an offer or
solicitation to engage in any investment activities. This document is not a recommendation to buy or sell any security, investment
instrument, or product, and does not recommend any specific investment program or service.
Information contained in this document has not been tailored to the specific investment objectives, personal and financial
circumstances, or particular needs of any individual client. Certain investments referred to in this document may not be suitable
or appropriate for all investors. In addition, certain services and products referred to in the document may be subject to legal
restrictions and/or license or permission requirements and cannot therefore be offered worldwide on an unrestricted basis. No

https://microsites.ubs.com/spfinder/en/products-detail/participation-certificate.html
https://secure.ubs.com/content/dam/assets/ib/global/structured-products-investor-trading-ideas/disclaimers/SP_Disclaimers.pdf?pdf


For UBS Marketing purposes

offer of any product will be made in any jurisdiction in which the offer, solicitation, or sale is not permitted, or to any person
to whom it is unlawful to make such offer, solicitation, or sale.
Although all information and opinions expressed in this document were obtained in good faith from sources believed to be
reliable, no representation or warranty, express or implied, is made as to the document’s accuracy, sufficiency, completeness or
reliability. All information and opinions expressed in this document are subject to change without notice and may differ from
opinions expressed by other business areas or divisions of UBS Group. UBS is under no obligation to update or keep current the
information contained herein. The views and opinions expressed in this material by third parties are not those of UBS.
Accordingly, UBS does not accept any liability over the content shared by third parties or any claims, losses or damages arising
from the use or reliance of all or any part thereof.
All pictures or images ("images") herein are for illustrative, informative or documentary purposes only and may depict objects or
elements which are protected by third party copyright, trademarks and other intellectual property rights. Unless expressly stated,
no relationship, association, sponsorship or endorsement is suggested or implied between UBS and these third parties.
Any charts and scenarios contained in the document are for illustrative purposes only. Some charts and/or performance figures
may not be based on complete 12-month periods which may reduce their comparability and significance. Historical performance
is no guarantee for, and is not an indication of future performance.
Nothing in this document constitutes legal or tax advice. UBS and its employees do not provide legal or tax advice. This document
may not be redistributed or reproduced in whole or in part without the prior written permission of UBS. To the extent permitted
by the law, neither UBS, nor any of it its directors, officers, employees or agents accepts or assumes any liability, responsibility or
duty of care for any consequences, including any loss or damage, of you or anyone else acting, or refraining to act, in reliance
on the information contained in this document or for any decision based on it.
Additional Disclaimer relevant to Credit Suisse Wealth Management: Except as otherwise specified herein and/or
depending on the local entity from which you are receiving this document, this document is distributed by UBS Switzerland AG,
authorised and regulated by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority (FINMA). Your personal data will be processed
in accordance with the Credit Suisse privacy statement accessible at your domicile through the official Credit Suisse website
https://www.credit-suisse.com. In order to provide you with marketing materials concerning our products and services, UBS
Group AG and its subsidiaries may process your basic personal data (i.e. contact details such as name, e-mail address) until you
notify us that you no longer wish to receive them. You can optout from receiving these materials at any time by informing your
Relationship Manager.
Please visit https://www.ubs.com/global/en/wealth-management/insights/chief-investment-office/marketing-material-
disclaimer.html to read the full legal disclaimer applicable to this document.
© UBS 2025. The key symbol and UBS are among the registered and unregistered trademarks of UBS. All rights reserved.

https://www.credit-suisse.com/
https://www.ubs.com/global/en/wealth-management/insights/chief-investment-office/marketing-material-disclaimer.html
https://www.ubs.com/global/en/wealth-management/insights/chief-investment-office/marketing-material-disclaimer.html

	Important Disclosures

