
27 March 2025, 17:46 GMT
Chief Investment Office GWM
Investment Research

Swiss high-quality dividends
Swiss equities
 
Author: Stefan R Meyer, CIO Equity Strategist, UBS Switzerland AG

• We think Swiss dividend-paying equities are attractive
as the average dividend yield, at around 3%, is higher
than Swiss franc bond yields. With balance sheets
and profitability robust, market-wide distributions are
sustainable, in our view.

• An attractive dividend yield is important, but the
"growth" factor is just as crucial over the long term.
We view dividends as high quality when they are
sustainable and growing.

• We advise investing into this theme in a well-diversified
way. For stock ideas, please refer to our corresponding
EPL with regular stock selection updates and our top
picks. Source: UBS

 
Our view
Dividends are an integral and defensive part of overall equity
market performance. In the past 30 years, over half of the
Swiss Performance Index's (SPI) total return has come from
dividends, with the remainder from stock price appreciation.

We consider Swiss high-quality dividend-paying companies
particularly appealing for three key reasons:

• Yield: Dividend yields are compelling in an historical
context as well as relative to Swiss franc corporate and
government bond yields.

• Sustainability: We view distribution sustainability as
high, and dividends have defensive characteristics.

• Growth: The "growth" factor is also important.
Companies with sustainable, above-average dividend
growth typically outperform over the long term. As we
believe the European economy will bottom out this year,
we recommend tactically holding a good allocation of
an investor's portfolio in stocks with superior dividend
growth prospects.

Equity Preference List – Swiss high-quality
dividends, as of 27 March 2025

Source: FactSet, UBS, as of 27 March 2025; DY 2025E = dividend yield
consensus estimate for the business year 2025, paid in 2026
This is a copy of the Equity Preference List (EPL) “Swiss high-quality
dividends.” As selections and their recommended weights may change,
we recommend visiting the UBS GWM CIO portal (which also lists the
analyst(s) responsible for the selections and the thematic benchmark), or
contacting your client advisor for the latest update of this EPL.

This report has been prepared by UBS Switzerland AG. Please see important disclaimers and disclosures at the end
of the document.



Swiss equities

Dividend yield is compelling
Dividend yields are appealing in an historical context
Over the past 30 years, the Swiss Performance Index (SPI) has
appreciated 891% when dividend payments are included,
but only 378% when excluded (see Fig. 1). In other words,
dividends represented 58% of total shareholder returns. The
Swiss equity market currently offers an expected dividend
yield of 3%, above the average of 2.4% since the turn of
the century (see Fig. 3).

Fig. 1: Dividends are a big part of equity
performance
SPI excluding and including dividends over 30 years, January 1995 = 100

Source: LSEG, UBS, as of 27 March 2025

On top of that, our selection of dividend-paying stocks offers
an average dividend yield of 3.3%—i.e., above that of the
Swiss market average (see Fig. 2).

Fig. 2: Expected dividend yield 2025 comparison
Our stock selection versus key Swiss stock indices (all stocks equally
weighted)

Source: FactSet, UBS, as of 27 March 2025

Dividend yields are appealing relative to interest rates
The current dividend yield compares favorably with bond
yields in the Swiss franc fixed income market at between
0.5% and 1.5% (see Fig. 3). This yield gap is attractive, in our
view, especially if investors focus on companies with high-
quality dividends.

Fig. 3: Dividend yield is attractive versus bond
yields
SPI's dividend yield and CHF bond yields (in %)

Source: FactSet, UBS, as of 27 March 2025

Moreover, equities offer the potential for both dividend
increases and capital gains over the long term, based on
the assumption that corporate profits rise over time. This is
why, historically, dividend yields have tended to be similar or
lower than corporate and government bond yields.

Dividend sustainability is high
Payout sustainability is high overall
Swiss companies are doing well financially. Overall, their
average net indebtedness (net-debt-to-EBITDA ratio) has
been moderate with relative stability in recent years, and is
estimated to be in line with long-term levels this year as well
as next. Moreover, Swiss companies are reporting robust
profitability that is above the historical range (see Fig. 4).
The net indebtedness of the top-three index heavyweights
combined (Nestlé, Roche and Novartis) has only been about
in line with the rest of the market since 2009. Since 2023,
their debt gearing has been above the rest of the market
due to Nestlé's increased but still sustainable debt leverage.
In sum, the balance sheets of companies in the Swiss Market
Index (SMI) are robust overall, in our view, and this year's
return on equity is expected to be above the average of
recent years.

2



Swiss equities

Fig. 4: Robust balance sheets and profitability
Accumulated data for companies in the Swiss Market Index

Source: FactSet, UBS, as of 27 March 2025; EBITDA = Earnings Before
Interest, Tax, Depreciation and Amortization; e = estimate

As their propensity to invest in organic growth was
moderate and credit costs were falling, Swiss companies
steadily increased distributions to shareholders until 2017.
Since then, dividend payout ratios have begun once again
to normalize. We expect the SMI companies' payout ratio
to stabilize at around 50% on average in the years to come
(see Fig. 5).

Fig. 5: Dividend per share and payout ratios
DPS and payout ratios for the Swiss Market Index 2004-2025; 2025 is the
current consensus estimate

Source: FactSet, UBS, as of 27 March 2025

Dividends have defensive characteristics
Dividends exhibit defensive characteristics, with a lower
volatility than corporate earnings. For example, during
the global financial crisis in 2008, total net profits of all
companies in the SMI tumbled 68% in Swiss franc terms,
but accumulated dividends fell just 22%. This reflects, in our
view, many companies' preference to pay relatively steady
cash returns to their shareholders (see Fig. 6). Dividends tend
to be stable because, on average, they only pay out half of
their profits to shareholders.

Fig. 6: Dividends increase over time
Dividend growth for the Swiss Market Index 2005–2025; 2025 is the
current consensus estimate

Source: FactSet, UBS, as of 27 March 2025

2020 was a test of the sustainability of dividends
The economic downturn in 2020 was quicker and steeper
than that of previous recessions. This was due to the
harsh effects of severe personal movement restrictions and
temporary shutdowns of large parts of the economy amid
the COVID-19 pandemic. Moreover, the time for company
leaders to prepare their organizations for this sudden
economic break was very short. As a result, the risks of sharp
profit drops and even liquidity problems were bigger than
normal. This was especially true for economically sensitive
companies, which had to implement major cost reductions
and logistic adjustments to weather the storm.

As a result, various domestic and international authorities
recommended suspending dividend payments to increase
financial flexibility. Many share-buyback programs were
suspended, such as in the financial sector. In addition,
many governments, including the Swiss government,
reacted with record high short-term loan guarantees and
expanded short-time work support to avoid a sharp rise in
unemployment. Overall, the risks of dividend cuts was high,
in particular for companies with weak balance sheets and
above-average economic sensitivity as well as for businesses
in the tourism and financial sectors. Consequently, 2020
was a test of the sustainability of dividends. But due
to swift government support and company management
action, listed corporations weathered this unprecedented
crisis much better than feared.

SMI's dividends contracted slightly in 2020
The SMI's dividends were exposed to cyclical, regulatory, and
political pressure in 2020. Cyclical companies Richemont
and Swatch had already cut their 2019 dividends (paid in
2020) by 50% and 31%, respectively. Large Swiss banks
were forced by the Swiss regulator to pay only half of their
proposed 2019 dividends in spring 2020. Later in the year,

3



Swiss equities

they were allowed to reconsider the second part of the 2019
dividend if they had sufficient liquidity. Indeed, all banks paid
the second half of the dividend in 4Q20. Companies making
use of government loan guarantees at favorable conditions
were not allowed to pay dividends; as most of these were
micro-caps, this did not affect the SMI.

Despite the deepest economic downturn in over four
decades, the overall dividend payment for the SMI only
fell 3% for the business year 2020 (see Fig. 6). In the
small- and mid-cap space, dividend reductions were more
pronounced. As a result, the Swiss equity market once
again demonstrated its overall defensive nature. Dividend
sustainability was our most important factor in selecting
stocks in 2020. More than a third of that year's selected
stocks actually increased their dividends in spring 2021 for
their business year 2020.

Fig. 7: Dividend sustainability over time
Changes to the dividend per share of the top-100 listed Swiss companies
2001–2025; 2025 is the current consensus estimate

Source: FactSet, UBS, as of 27 March 2025

Dividend growth is important
Growth a key performance driver over the long term
To underline the importance of dividend growth in a stock's
long-term performance, we looked at the 100 largest listed
Swiss companies. Of those 100, 62 have been listed since
at least 2014 and have been paying dividends every year
since then. Our analysis of those 62 companies showed that
the total returns of the top 50% of dividend growers well
exceeded those of the bottom 50% (see Fig. 8): The top
50% group grew dividends by 78% and achieved a stock
price return of 78%, while the bottom 50% group increased
dividends by only 27% and delivered a total stock price rise
of just 36% (we used median values to avoid the impact
that outliers can have on these calculations).

Fig. 8: Dividend growth matters
Of the 100 largest Swiss companies, 62 have been listed since 2014 and
continually paid dividends. The 31 companies with the highest dividend
growth are equally weighted in the top 50% group (median values); vice
versa for the remaining 31 companies in the bottom 50% group.

Source: FactSet, UBS, as of 27 March 2025. Share price appreciation
was calculated based on the average share price during 2024 versus the
average share price during 2014 for each stock

This year, dividend growth more in focus again
After a two-year downturn in the European economy, we
expect the Swiss, UK and Eurozone economies to bottom
out and head for a moderate, gradual recovery. Supported
by looser monetary policies of the Swiss National Bank,
the Bank of England and the European Central Bank, as
well as gradually more infrastructure and defense spending
in Europe and positive real wage growth throughout the
region, we expect real GDP growth to reaccelerate over the
course of this year. This will support corporate sales and
profit prospects and thus suggests that the dividend growth
factor will gain in importance versus dividend sustainability
this year.

Dividend investing strategy
Focus on sustainability, growth and yield
Rather than simply buying high-yielding stocks, we
think investors should select high-quality dividend-paying
companies because they tend to steadily outperform
the overall market throughout the year. Stocks offering
a high yield without any another attraction, such as
growth, restructuring or company-specific news flow,
tend to outperform shortly ahead of and during the
dividend payment season (i.e., from March to October), but
underperform thereafter. So we advise investors to focus
on dividends that: a) are sustainable, i.e., can be covered
by profits and cash flow over the economic cycle; b) show
above-average growth in the long term; and c) have a
relatively attractive yield.

4



Swiss equities

Our recommended dividend investing strategy
Long term, we view dividend sustainability as a key
factor for a dividend-based investment strategy. We favor
quality companies to weather economic downturns and
as long-term core holdings. Stocks from the defensive
consumer staples and healthcare sectors offer low earnings
volatility and attractive dividend yields, in our view. We
also recommend select cyclicals to benefit from economic
recoveries. We favor defensive cyclicals with strong balance
sheets and a high sales share of maintenance products
and services. Some companies with a high economic
sensitivity can also be tactically added, provided they offer
a robust balance sheet and sustainable business model
with attractive long-term growth prospects. Overall, we
recommend investing in a diversified portfolio of companies
with attractive defensive yields combined with selective
stocks offering good long-term dividend growth. This year,
we view dividend growth as more important than in the past
two years (see Fig. 9).

Fig. 9: Growth in dividends, by company
Growth in dividend per share 2024-26e, consensus expectations

Source: FactSet, UBS, as of 27 March 2025

Risk considerations
Dividend cuts due to economic downturns
The key risks in investing in high-quality dividend-paying
Swiss stocks are similar to typical stock risks. A downturn in
the global economy can lead to a drop in earnings and thus
dividend cuts.

During economic downturns, authorities may force some
companies to suspend dividend payments to preserve
financial strength and flexibility.

For instance, in 2020, the Swiss Financial Sector Supervisory
Authority (FINMA) recommended that banks act prudently

in regard to dividends and that all financial institutions
suspend their share buyback programs.

Sharply rising interest rates are a key risk
Another risk is sharply rising interest rates. This is because as
interest rates go up, stock valuations historically have tended
to fall. A key component of interest rate levels is inflation,
so rising inflation rates tend to pressure price-to-earnings
multiples.

From 2008 to 2019, bond yields fell and P/E valuations
increased. Then, bond yields rose from their all-time lows
while the upward trend in equities continued until 2021.
As bond yields continued to rise in 2022/23, equity
markets corrected and P/E multiples contracted. In 2023/24,
European ten-year government bond yields fell, and equity
valuations increased again. We expect 10-year government
bond yields to remain relatively low and to trend broadly
sideways over 2025. This suggests moderate potential for
further P/E valuation increases while earnings (and dividend)
growth may be key for stock performance (see Fig. 10).

Fig. 10: Interest rates impact stock valuations
P/E of the SMI and yield of 10-year government bonds in Switzerland and
the US

Source: FactSet, LSEG, UBS, as of 27 March 2025

High-yielding stocks are particularly sensitive to higher rates,
as they tend to be bond alternatives to some degree. In
an environment of sharply rising interest rates, high-growth
as well as high-yielding stocks with no growth tend to
underperform their benchmark index. To limit this risk of
underperformance, the dividend growth factor and stock
valuations are important when selecting stocks, in our view.

5



Swiss equities

Fig. 11: Overview of annual dividend payments of our selected companies
Dividends per share in Swiss francs

Source: FactSet, UBS, as of 27 March 2025
Legend: Dividends per share 2025 will be paid in 2026, and so on. Dividends not paid in CHF have been converted. Historical dividends are adjusted for
rights issue dilutions. Shaded area shows consensus expectations. Empty space = company not yet listed.
Please note: This is not a comprehensive list of high-quality dividend-paying stocks, but a selection of high-quality dividend-paying stocks which, as an
equally weighted portfolio, strives to outperform the overall Swiss equity market.

Fig. 12: Overview of valuation and yield of our selected companies
Price-to-earnings ratios, dividend growth rates and yields, and net debt gearings

Source: FactSet, UBS, as of 27 March 2025
Legend: Shaded area shows consensus expectations. Div.yield 25 (26) = dividend yield based on the expected dividend for the business year 2025 (2026)
that will be paid in 2026 (2027). ND/EBITDA = net debt relative to earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortization. DPS% = growth rate in
dividend per share. N.A. = not available.

6



12 month rating history

Release date Company name Equity Preference List Current selection Previous selection

Jan 21 2025 Forbo Swiss high quality dividends Most Preferred -

Aug 19 2024 Georg Fischer AG EQR-Swiss credit easing beneficiaries Most Preferred Not Listed

Jul 18 2024 Georg Fischer AG EQR-Swiss credit easing beneficiaries Not Listed Most Preferred

Jun 03 2024 Georg Fischer AG EQR-Swiss credit easing beneficiaries Most Preferred -

Mar 19 2025 Georg Fischer AG European Small & Mid caps Not Listed Most Preferred

Oct 08 2024 Georg Fischer AG European Small & Mid caps Most Preferred -

Mar 05 2025 Georg Fischer AG SPL - Equity Reverse Convertibles Tactical Opportunity List Not Listed Most Preferred

Jan 20 2025 Georg Fischer AG SPL - Equity Reverse Convertibles Tactical Opportunity List Most Preferred Not Listed

Aug 19 2024 Georg Fischer AG Swiss high quality dividends Most Preferred Not Listed

Aug 19 2024 Georg Fischer AG Switzerland Most Preferred Not Listed

Mar 06 2025 Implenia AG European Small & Mid caps Most Preferred -

Mar 06 2025 Implenia AG Swiss high quality dividends Most Preferred -

Feb 12 2025 Julius Baer Group European Banks Not Listed Most Preferred

Dec 02 2024 Julius Baer Group European Banks Most Preferred Not Listed

Jul 05 2024 Julius Baer Group European Banks Not Listed Most Preferred

Apr 10 2024 Julius Baer Group European Banks Most Preferred Not Listed

Jul 05 2024 Julius Baer Group European Greentech Not Listed Most Preferred

Apr 15 2024 Julius Baer Group European Greentech Most Preferred -

Dec 04 2024 Julius Baer Group European Small & Mid caps Most Preferred -

Mar 05 2025 Julius Baer Group SPL - Equity Reverse Convertibles Tactical Opportunity List Most Preferred Not Listed

Jul 05 2024 Julius Baer Group SPL - Equity Reverse Convertibles Tactical Opportunity List Not Listed Most Preferred

Apr 18 2024 Julius Baer Group SPL - Equity Reverse Convertibles Tactical Opportunity List Most Preferred Not Listed

Dec 02 2024 Julius Baer Group Swiss high quality dividends Most Preferred Not Listed

Dec 02 2024 Julius Baer Group Switzerland Most Preferred Not Listed

Dec 12 2024 Lindt & Spruengli European Consumer Staples Most Preferred Not Listed

Mar 05 2025 Lindt & Spruengli SPL - Equity Reverse Convertibles Tactical Opportunity List Most Preferred -

Feb 25 2025 Lindt & Spruengli Six Ways to Invest in Europe Most Preferred -

Dec 12 2024 Lindt & Spruengli Swiss high quality dividends Most Preferred Not Listed

Dec 12 2024 Lindt & Spruengli Switzerland Most Preferred Not Listed

Jun 06 2024 Lonza Group AG 30 for '30 Most Preferred -

Nov 28 2024 Lonza Group AG EQR-Swiss credit easing beneficiaries Most Preferred -

Mar 26 2025 Lonza Group AG European Healthcare Most Preferred -

Jan 20 2025 Lonza Group AG SPL - Equity Reverse Convertibles Tactical Opportunity List Not Listed Most Preferred

Dec 10 2024 Lonza Group AG SPL - Equity Reverse Convertibles Tactical Opportunity List Most Preferred Not Listed

Feb 25 2025 Lonza Group AG Six Ways to Invest in Europe Most Preferred -

Apr 18 2024 Nestle SA EQR-Favored European Defensives Most Preferred -

Jun 03 2024 Nestle SA EQR-Swiss credit easing beneficiaries Most Preferred -

May 03 2024 Nestle SA SPL - Equity Reverse Convertibles Tactical Opportunity List Not Listed Most Preferred

Apr 03 2024 Nestle SA SPL - Equity Reverse Convertibles Tactical Opportunity List Most Preferred -

Apr 18 2024 Novartis AG EQR-Favored European Defensives Most Preferred -

May 06 2024 Novartis AG EQR-Total return top picks Most Preferred -

Mar 26 2025 Novartis AG European Healthcare Most Preferred -

Mar 26 2025 Novartis AG Longevity Most Preferred -

Mar 26 2025 Roche Holding AG European Healthcare Most Preferred -

Mar 26 2025 Roche Holding AG Longevity Most Preferred -

Jul 05 2024 SGS European Greentech Not Listed Most Preferred

Jan 28 2025 SGS European Small & Mid caps Most Preferred Not Listed

Jan 20 2025 SGS European Small & Mid caps Not Listed Most Preferred

Dec 18 2024 SGS European Small & Mid caps Most Preferred -

Jan 20 2025 SGS SPL - Equity Reverse Convertibles Tactical Opportunity List Not Listed Most Preferred

Dec 10 2024 SGS SPL - Equity Reverse Convertibles Tactical Opportunity List Most Preferred Not Listed

Jan 28 2025 SGS Sustainable investing, global leaders Most Preferred Not Listed

Jan 20 2025 SGS Sustainable investing, global leaders Not Listed Most Preferred

May 15 2024 SGS Sustainable investing, global leaders Most Preferred Not Listed

Jan 28 2025 SGS Swiss high quality dividends Most Preferred Not Listed

Jan 20 2025 SGS Swiss high quality dividends Not Listed Most Preferred

Jan 28 2025 SGS Switzerland Most Preferred Not Listed

Jan 20 2025 SGS Switzerland Not Listed Most Preferred

Jul 18 2024 SIG Group EQR-Swiss credit easing beneficiaries Most Preferred -

1635399_34125374-ab89-4e3c-ab15-09338b130152.pdf



12 month rating history

Release date Company name Equity Preference List Current selection Previous selection

Nov 28 2024 SIG Group European Small & Mid caps Most Preferred -

Jan 20 2025 SIG Group SPL - Equity Reverse Convertibles Tactical Opportunity List Most Preferred Not Listed

Sep 06 2024 SIG Group SPL - Equity Reverse Convertibles Tactical Opportunity List Not Listed Most Preferred

Jul 23 2024 SIG Group SPL - Equity Reverse Convertibles Tactical Opportunity List Most Preferred Not Listed

Jul 18 2024 SIG Group Swiss high quality dividends Most Preferred Not Listed

Jul 18 2024 SIG Group Switzerland Most Preferred Not Listed

Mar 04 2025 Sika AG EQR-Swiss credit easing beneficiaries Most Preferred Not Listed

Aug 14 2024 Sika AG EQR-Swiss credit easing beneficiaries Not Listed Most Preferred

Jun 03 2024 Sika AG EQR-Swiss credit easing beneficiaries Most Preferred -

Mar 17 2025 Sika AG SPL - Equity Reverse Convertibles Tactical Opportunity List Most Preferred Not Listed

Aug 14 2024 Sika AG SPL - Equity Reverse Convertibles Tactical Opportunity List Not Listed Most Preferred

Jun 11 2024 Sika AG SPL - Equity Reverse Convertibles Tactical Opportunity List Most Preferred Not Listed

Apr 18 2024 Sika AG SPL - Equity Reverse Convertibles Tactical Opportunity List Not Listed Most Preferred

Apr 03 2024 Sika AG SPL - Equity Reverse Convertibles Tactical Opportunity List Most Preferred Not Listed

Feb 25 2025 Sika AG Six Ways to Invest in Europe Most Preferred -

Mar 06 2025 Sika AG Swiss high quality dividends Most Preferred -

Feb 25 2025 Sika AG Switzerland Most Preferred Not Listed

Apr 04 2024 Sika AG Switzerland Not Listed Most Preferred

Nov 21 2024 Sunrise EQR-Swiss credit easing beneficiaries Most Preferred -

Mar 20 2025 Sunrise EQR-Total return top picks Most Preferred -

Nov 21 2024 Sunrise European Communication Services Most Preferred -

Feb 10 2025 Sunrise European Greentech Most Preferred -

Dec 04 2024 Sunrise European Small & Mid caps Most Preferred -

Mar 17 2025 Sunrise SPL - Equity Reverse Convertibles Tactical Opportunity List Most Preferred -

Nov 21 2024 Sunrise Swiss high quality dividends Most Preferred -

Nov 21 2024 Sunrise Switzerland Most Preferred -

Feb 21 2025 Swisscom EQR-Favored European Defensives Most Preferred -

Mar 04 2025 Swisscom EQR-Swiss credit easing beneficiaries Most Preferred -

Jan 24 2025 Swisscom European Greentech Not Listed Most Preferred

Jun 24 2024 Swisscom European Greentech Most Preferred -

Jun 24 2024 Swisscom Swiss high quality dividends Most Preferred Not Listed

Jun 24 2024 Swisscom Switzerland Most Preferred Not Listed

1635399_34125374-ab89-4e3c-ab15-09338b130152.pdf



Swiss equities

Appendix

Required Disclosures

Company/Country Disclosures   (27 March 2025)

Within the past 12 months UBS AG, its affiliates or subsidiaries may have received or provided investment services and
activities or ancillary services as per MiFID II which may have given rise to a payment or promise of a payment in relation to
these services from or to each company mentioned in the publication.

Bucher Industries AG 5, 6, 7, 9, DKSH Holding AG 5, 6, 7, 9, 10, Forbo 5, 6, 7, 9, Georg Fischer AG 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, Implenia
AG 3, 4, 5, 6, 9, Julius Baer Group 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, Lindt & Spruengli 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 9, Lonza Group AG 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 9,
11, Nestle SA 1, 2, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 12, Novartis AG 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 13, 14, Roche Holding AG 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, SGS
3, 4, 5, 6, 8, 9, 10, SIG Group 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 16; Sika AG 3, 4, 5, 6, 9, Sunrise 3, 4, 5, 6, 9, 11, 13, Swisscom 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 15,

1. This company/entity is, or within the past 12 months has been, a client of UBS Securities LLC, and non-investment banking
securities-related services are being, or have been, provided.
2. This company/entity is, or within the past 12 months has been, a client of UBS Securities LLC, and non-securities services
are being, or have been, provided.
3. UBS has acted as manager/co-manager in the underwriting or placement of securities of this company/entity or one of
its affiliates within the past 12 months.
4. Within the past 12 months, UBS has received compensation for investment banking services from this company/entity
or one of its affiliates.
5. UBS expects to receive or intend to seek compensation for investment banking services from this company/entity within
the next three months.
6. UBS holds a long or short position of 0.5% or more of the listed shares of this company.
7. Within the past 12 months, UBS has received compensation for products and services other than investment banking
services from this company/entity.
8. UBS beneficially owned 1% or more of a class of this company's common equity securities as of last month's end (or the
prior month's end if this report is dated less than 10 days after the most recent month's end).
9. UBS Fund Management (Switzerland) AG beneficially owns more than 5% of the total issued share capital of this company.
10. The equity analyst covering this company, a member of his or her team, or one of their household members has a long
common stock position in this company.
11. The UBS Wealth Management strategist, a member of his or her team, or one of their household members has a long
common stock position in this company.
12. UBS AG is acting as financial advisor to Nestle SA on its announced acquisition of CRM Group from Advent International
Corporation.
13. UBS Securities LLC makes a market in the securities and/or ADRs of this company.
14. The equity analyst covering this company, a member of his or her team, or one of their household members is an officer,
director, or advisory board member of this company.
15. UBS Fund Management (Switzerland) AG beneficially owns more than 3% of the total issued share capital of this
company.
16. UBS Fund Management (Switzerland) AG beneficially owns more than 10% of the total issued share capital of this
company.

Contact
If you require information on UBS Chief Investment Office GWM, its research publications, ratings histories and UBS
disclosures with regard to financial instruments and/or issuers, please contact the mailbox ubs-cio-wm@ubs.com (note that
e-mail communication is unsecured) or contact your client advisor for assistance.

Frequency of updates
Equity recommendation lists can be updated on a daily basis, and are refreshed whenever there is a material change.
Risk views on bond issuers and instruments are affirmed sporadically and changed ad hoc, subject to market
developments.

Producers, disseminators and their competent authorities
This publication has been produced and/or disseminated to you by the UBS Group entity, inclusive of former Credit Suisse
AG, its subsidiaries, affiliates, and branches, you have a banking relationship with. The full name of the producing and/or
disseminating entity and its competent authority can be found below.
UBS AG Australia Branch is supervised by the Australian Prudential Regulation Authority. UBS SuMi TRUST Wealth
Management Co., Ltd. is regulated by the Financial Services Agency (FSA). UBS AG Singapore Branch is regulated

9



Swiss equities

by the Monetary Authority of Singapore (MAS). UBS Securities Co. Limited is licensed to conduct securities investment
consultancy businesses by the China Securities Regulatory Commission. UBS AG Hong Kong Branch is regulated
by the Securities and Futures Commission (Hong Kong) and the Hong Kong Monetary Authority (HKMA). UBS AG
Taipei Branch is authorized and regulated by the Financial Supervisory Commission (FSC) of the Republic of China
(Taiwan). UBS Securities India Private Limited is registered with and regulated by the Securities and Exchange Board
of India (SEBI). UBS Switzerland AG is regulated by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority (FINMA). UBS
Europe SE, Germany, is duly authorized by the European Central Bank (ECB), and supervised by the ECB, the German
Central Bank (Deutsche Bundesbank) and the German Federal Financial Services Supervisory Authority (Bundesanstalt für
Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht). UBS Europe SE, Luxembourg Branch (UBS LUX) is a branch of UBS Europe SE, a credit
institution constituted under German law, duly authorized by the German Federal Financial Services Supervisory Authority
(Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht – “BaFin”) and subject to the joint prudential supervision of BaFin, the
German Central Bank (Deutsche Bundesbank) and the European Central Bank (ECB). UBS LUX is furthermore supervised
by the Luxembourg prudential supervisory authority (Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier), in its role as host
member state authority. UBS Europe SE, Succursale Italia is subject to the joint supervision of the European Central
Bank (ECB), the German Central Bank (Deutsche Bundesbank), the German Federal Financial Services Supervisory Authority
(Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht), as well as of the Bank of Italy (Banca d’Italia) and the Italian Financial
Markets Supervisory Authority (Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa – CONSOB). UBS AG Sucursal en España
is authorized by the Banco de España. UBS Europe SE, Denmark Branch, filial af UBS Europe SE is subject to the
joint supervision of the European Central Bank (ECB), the German Central Bank (Deutsche Bundesbank), the German
Federal Financial Services Supervisory Authority (Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht), as well as of the Danish
Financial Supervisory Authority (Finanstilsynet). UBS Europe SE, Sweden Bankfilial is subject to the joint supervision of
the European Central Bank (ECB), the German Central bank (Deutsche Bundesbank), the German Federal Financial Services
Supervisory Authority (Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht), as well as of the Swedish supervisory authority
(Finansinspektionen). UBS Europe SE Succursale de France is subject to the joint supervision of the European Central
Bank, the German Central Bank (Deutsche Bundesbank), the German Federal Financial Services Supervisory Authority
(Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht), as well as of the French "Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution"
and "Autorité des marchés financiers". UBS (Monaco) S.A. operates under a banking license granted by the “Autorité de
Contrôle Prudentiel et de Résolution” (ACPR) and the Monegasque government and is also licensed by the “Commission de
Contrôle des Activités Financières” (CCAF) to provide investment services in Monaco. UBS AG London Branch is regulated
by the Prudential Regulatory Authority (PRA) and the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA). UBS AG Jersey Branch is regulated
and authorized by the Jersey Financial Services Commission for the conduct of banking, funds and investment business.
In Israel, UBS Switzerland AG is registered as Foreign Dealer in cooperation with UBS Wealth Management Israel Ltd., a
wholly owned UBS subsidiary. UBS Wealth Management Israel Ltd. is an Investment Marketing licensee which engages
in Investment Marketing and is regulated by the Israel Securities Authority. UBS AG Bahrain Branch is authorized and
regulated by the Central Bank of Bahrain. UBS AG Dubai Branch is licensed in the Dubai International Financial Centre
(DIFC) by the Dubai Financial Services Authority (DFSA) as an authorised firm. UBS Qatar LLC is authorized by the Qatar
Financial Centre Regulatory Authority. UBS Saudi Arabia is authorised and regulated by the Capital Market Authority to
conduct securities business under licence number 08113-37. UBS Brasil Administradora de Valores Mobiliários Ltda.
is regulated by Comissão de Valores Mobiliários. UBS Asesores México, S.A. de C.V. is regulated by Comisión Nacional
Bancaria y de Valores (CNBV). UBS Financial Services Inc. is registered as a broker-dealer with the Securities and Exchange
Commission (SEC), a futures commission merchant with the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) and the National
Futures Association and is a member of various exchanges and the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA).
Credit Suisse (Brasil) S.A. Corretora de Títulos e Valores Mobiliários is supervised by the Central Bank of Brazil
and the Brazilian Securities Commission (CVM). Credit Suisse Securities (Japan) Limited is supervised by the Financial
Services Agency (FSA). C. Suisse Asesoría México, S.A. de C.V. is subject to the supervision of the National Banking
and Securities Commission. Credit Suisse (Qatar) L.L.C. is duly authorized and regulated by the Qatar Financial Centre
Regulatory Authority (QFCRA). Credit Suisse Saudi Arabia is duly licensed and regulated by the Saudi Arabian Capital
Market Authority. Credit Suisse (UK) Limited is registered as a financial services provider with the Financial Sector Conduct
Authority in South Africa. Credit Suisse Istanbul Menkul Degerler Anonim Sirketi is regulated by the Capital Markets
Board of Turkey. Credit Suisse (UK) Limited is authorized by the Prudential Regulation Authority and regulated by the
Financial Conduct Authority and the Prudential Regulation Authority.

Equity selection system

UBS CIO GWM equity selection system
We provide two equity selections: Most Preferred (MP) and Least Preferred (LP).

10



Swiss equities

Most preferred
We expect the stock to outperform the benchmark in the next 12 months.
Least preferred
We expect the stock to underperform the benchmark in the next 12 months.
Suspended
Sometimes legal, regulatory, contractual or best-business-practice obligations restrict us from issuing research on a company.
This situation normally stems from UBS Investment Bank's involvement in an investment banking transaction associated with
that company.

Global asset class preferences definitions
The asset class preferences provide high-level guidance to make investment decisions. The preferences reflect the collective
judgement of the members of the House View meeting, primarily based on assessments of expected total returns on liquid,
commonly known stock indexes, House View scenarios, and analyst convictions over the next 12 months. Note that the
tactical asset allocation (TAA) positioning of our different investment strategies may differ from these views due to factors
including portfolio construction, concentration, and borrowing constraints.
1. Most attractive – We consider this asset class to be among the most attractive. Investors should seek opportunities to

add exposure.

2. Attractive – We consider this asset class to be attractive. Consider opportunities in this asset class.

3. Neutral – We do not expect outsized returns or losses. Hold longer-term exposure.

4. Unattractive – We consider this asset class to be unattractive. Consider alternative opportunities.

5. Least attractive – We consider this asset class to be among the least attractive. Seek more favorable alternative
opportunities

Equity selection: An assessment relative to a benchmark
Equity selections in Equity Preferences lists (EPLs) are assessments made relative to a sector/industry, country/regional or
thematic benchmark. The chosen benchmark is disclosed on the front page of each EPL. It is also used to measure the
performance of the EPL owner(s). Including a stock in the EPL constitutes neither a view on its expected, standalone absolute
performance nor a price target. Rather, EPLs are meant to support the UBS House View, with the stocks included in them
selected for their superior risk/return profiles.
Our selection is based on an assessment of the company's fundamental outlook and valuation, the risks owning the stock
entails, including material sustainability risks and the diversification benefits it provides in an investment portfolio, among
many other factors. UBS GWM CIO‘s selection methodology enables wealth management clients to invest in a specific
investment theme or focus on a sector/industry or country/region.
The lead strategist is responsible for the CIO view on a stock, while the EPL owner(s) is/are responsible for the stock selection
within an EPL. Stocks can be selected for multiple EPLs. For consistency's sake, a stock can only be selected as either Most
Preferred or Least Preferred, not both simultaneously. As EPL benchmarks differ, stocks do not need to be included on every
list to which they could theoretically be added.
Only stock views prepared by UBS Financial Services Inc. (UBS FS) which are compatible with the above equity selection
system are provided. A stock cannot be selected as Most Preferred if it is rated Sell by UBS Investment Bank, while a Buy-
rated stock by UBS Investment Bank cannot be selected as Least Preferred.
For more information about our present and past recommendations, please contact ubs-cio-wm@ubs.com

Statement of Risk
Equities - Stock market returns are difficult to forecast because of fluctuations in the economy, investor psychology,
geopolitical conditions and other important variables.

Current UBS CIO global rating distribution (as of last month-end)

Least Preferred 1% . . . .

Most Preferred 99% . . . .

Risk information

UBS Chief Investment Office's ("CIO") investment views are prepared and published by the Global Wealth Management
business of UBS Switzerland AG (regulated by FINMA in Switzerland) or its affiliates ("UBS"), part of UBS Group AG ("UBS
Group"). UBS Group includes former Credit Suisse AG, its subsidiaries, branches and affiliates. Additional disclaimer relevant
to Credit Suisse Wealth Management follows at the end of this section.

11

mailto:ubs-cio-wm@ubs.com


Swiss equities

Risk information
The investment views have been prepared in accordance with legal requirements designed to promote the independence
of investment research.
Instrument/issuer-specific investment research – Risk information:
This publication is for your information only and is not intended as an offer, or a solicitation of an offer, to buy or sell
any investment or other specific product. The analysis contained herein does not constitute a personal recommendation or
take into account the particular investment objectives, investment strategies, financial situation and needs of any specific
recipient. It is based on numerous assumptions. Different assumptions could result in materially different results. Certain
services and products are subject to legal restrictions and cannot be offered worldwide on an unrestricted basis and/or may
not be eligible for sale to all investors. All information and opinions expressed in this document were obtained from sources
believed to be reliable and in good faith, but no representation or warranty, express or implied, is made as to its accuracy or
completeness (other than disclosures relating to UBS). All information and opinions as well as any forecasts, estimates and
market prices indicated are current as of the date of this report, and are subject to change without notice. This publication
is not intended to be a complete statement or summary of the securities, markets or developments referred to in the report.
Opinions expressed herein may differ or be contrary to those expressed by other business areas or divisions of UBS as a result
of using different assumptions and/or criteria. UBS may utilise artificial intelligence tools (“AI Tools”) in the preparation of
this document. Notwithstanding any such use of AI Tools, this document has undergone human review.
In no circumstances may this document or any of the information (including any forecast, value, index or other calculated
amount ("Values")) be used for any of the following purposes (i) valuation or accounting purposes; (ii) to determine the
amounts due or payable, the price or the value of any financial instrument or financial contract; or (iii) to measure the
performance of any financial instrument including, without limitation, for the purpose of tracking the return or performance
of any Value or of defining the asset allocation of portfolio or of computing performance fees. By receiving this document
and the information you will be deemed to represent and warrant to UBS that you will not use this document or otherwise
rely on any of the information for any of the above purposes. UBS and any of its directors or employees may be entitled at
any time to hold long or short positions in investment instruments referred to herein, carry out transactions involving relevant
investment instruments in the capacity of principal or agent, or provide any other services or have officers, who serve as
directors, either to/for the issuer, the investment instrument itself or to/for any company commercially or financially affiliated
to such issuers. At any time, investment decisions (including whether to buy, sell or hold securities) made by UBS and its
employees may differ from or be contrary to the opinions expressed in UBS research publications. Some investments may not
be readily realizable since the market in the securities is illiquid and therefore valuing the investment and identifying the risk
to which you are exposed may be difficult to quantify. UBS relies on information barriers to control the flow of information
contained in one or more areas within UBS, into other areas, units, divisions or affiliates of UBS. Futures and options trading
is not suitable for every investor as there is a substantial risk of loss, and losses in excess of an initial investment may occur.
Past performance of an investment is no guarantee for its future performance. Additional information will be made available
upon request. Some investments may be subject to sudden and large falls in value and on realization you may receive back
less than you invested or may be required to pay more. Changes in foreign exchange rates may have an adverse effect on
the price, value or income of an investment. The analyst(s) responsible for the preparation of this report may interact with
trading desk personnel, sales personnel and other constituencies for the purpose of gathering, synthesizing and interpreting
market information.
Different areas, groups, and personnel within UBS Group may produce and distribute separate research products
independently of each other. For example, research publications from CIO are produced by UBS Global Wealth
Management. UBS Global Research is produced by UBS Investment Bank. Research methodologies and rating systems
of each separate research organization may differ, for example, in terms of investment recommendations, investment
horizon, model assumptions, and valuation methods. As a consequence, except for certain economic forecasts (for which
UBS CIO and UBS Global Research may collaborate), investment recommendations, ratings, price targets, and valuations
provided by each of the separate research organizations may be different, or inconsistent. You should refer to each relevant
research product for the details as to their methodologies and rating system. Not all clients may have access to all products
from every organization. Each research product is subject to the policies and procedures of the organization that produces it.
The compensation of the analyst(s) who prepared this report is determined exclusively by research management and senior
management (not including investment banking). Analyst compensation is not based on investment banking, sales and
trading or principal trading revenues, however, compensation may relate to the revenues of UBS Group as a whole, of which
investment banking, sales and trading and principal trading are a part.
Tax treatment depends on the individual circumstances and may be subject to change in the future. UBS does not provide
legal or tax advice and makes no representations as to the tax treatment of assets or the investment returns thereon both in
general or with reference to specific client's circumstances and needs. We are of necessity unable to take into account the
particular investment objectives, financial situation and needs of our individual clients and we would recommend that you
take financial and/or tax advice as to the implications (including tax) of investing in any of the products mentioned herein.

12



Swiss equities

Risk information
This material may not be reproduced or copies circulated without prior authority of UBS. Unless otherwise agreed in writing
UBS expressly prohibits the distribution and transfer of this material to third parties for any reason. UBS accepts no liability
whatsoever for any claims or lawsuits from any third parties arising from the use or distribution of this material. This report
is for distribution only under such circumstances as may be permitted by applicable law. For information on the ways in
which CIO manages conflicts and maintains independence of its investment views and publication offering, and research
and rating methodologies, please visit www.ubs.com/research-methodology. Additional information on the relevant authors
of this publication and other CIO publication(s) referenced in this report; and copies of any past reports on this topic; are
available upon request from your client advisor.
Options and futures are not suitable for all investors, and trading in these instruments is considered risky and may be
appropriate only for sophisticated investors. Prior to buying or selling an option, and for the complete risks relating to options,
you must receive a copy of "Characteristics and Risks of Standardized Options". You may read the document at https://
www.theocc.com/about/publications/character-risks.jsp or ask your financial advisor for a copy.
Investing in structured investments involves significant risks. For a detailed discussion of the risks involved in investing in any
particular structured investment, you must read the relevant offering materials for that investment. Structured investments
are unsecured obligations of a particular issuer with returns linked to the performance of an underlying asset. Depending on
the terms of the investment, investors could lose all or a substantial portion of their investment based on the performance
of the underlying asset. Investors could also lose their entire investment if the issuer becomes insolvent. UBS does not
guarantee in any way the obligations or the financial condition of any issuer or the accuracy of any financial information
provided by any issuer. Structured investments are not traditional investments and investing in a structured investment is not
equivalent to investing directly in the underlying asset. Structured investments may have limited or no liquidity, and investors
should be prepared to hold their investment to maturity. The return of structured investments may be limited by a maximum
gain, participation rate or other feature. Structured investments may include call features and, if a structured investment is
called early, investors would not earn any further return and may not be able to reinvest in similar investments with similar
terms. Structured investments include costs and fees which are generally embedded in the price of the investment. The tax
treatment of a structured investment may be complex and may differ from a direct investment in the underlying asset. UBS
and its employees do not provide tax advice. Investors should consult their own tax advisor about their own tax situation
before investing in any securities.
Important Information About Sustainable Investing Strategies: Sustainable investing strategies aim to consider and
incorporate environmental, social and governance (ESG) factors into investment process and portfolio construction. Strategies
across geographies approach ESG analysis and incorporate the findings in a variety of ways. Incorporating ESG factors or
Sustainable Investing considerations may inhibit UBS’s ability to participate in or to advise on certain investment opportunities
that otherwise would be consistent with the Client’s investment objectives. The returns on a portfolio incorporating ESG
factors or Sustainable Investing considerations may be lower or higher than portfolios where ESG factors, exclusions, or other
sustainability issues are not considered by UBS, and the investment opportunities available to such portfolios may differ.
External Asset Managers / External Financial Consultants: In case this research or publication is provided to an External
Asset Manager or an External Financial Consultant, UBS expressly prohibits that it is redistributed by the External Asset
Manager or the External Financial Consultant and is made available to their clients and/or third parties.
USA: This document is not intended for distribution into the US and / or to US persons.
For information on the ways in which UBS Securities LLC manages conflicts and maintains independence of its UBS
Global Research product; historical performance information; certain additional disclosures concerning UBS Global Research
recommendations; and terms and conditions for certain third party data used in research report, please visit https://
www.ubs.com/disclosures.
For country information, please visit ubs.com/cio-country-disclaimer-sr or ask your client advisor for the full disclaimer.
Additional Disclaimer relevant to Credit Suisse Wealth Management
You receive this document in your capacity as a client of Credit Suisse Wealth Management. Your personal data will be
processed in accordance with the Credit Suisse privacy statement accessible at your domicile through the official Credit
Suisse website . In order to provide you with marketing materials concerning our products and services, UBS Group AG
and its subsidiaries may process your basic personal data (i.e. contact details such as name, e-mail address) until you notify
us that you no longer wish to receive them. You can optout from receiving these materials at any time by informing your
Relationship Manager.
Except as otherwise specified herein and/or depending on the local Credit Suisse entity from which you are receiving this
report, this report is distributed by UBS Switzerland AG, authorised and regulated by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory
Authority (FINMA).
Version A/2025. CIO82652744
© UBS 2025. The key symbol and UBS are among the registered and unregistered trademarks of UBS. All rights reserved.

13

http://www.ubs.com/research-methodology
https://www.theocc.com/about/publications/character-risks.jsp
https://www.theocc.com/about/publications/character-risks.jsp
https://www.ubs.com/global/en/wealthmanagement/insights/chief-investment-office/country-disclaimer-sr.html

