
28 March 2025, 07:39 GMT
Chief Investment Office GWM
Investment Research

Identifying the next frontier
Longer Term Investments
 
 Authors: Michael Bolliger, Chief Investment Officer Global Emerging Markets, UBS Switzerland AG; Pietro Santin, CIO Emerging Market Strategist, UBS
Switzerland AG; Xingchen Yu, Emerging Markets Strategist, CIO Americas, UBS Financial Services Inc. (UBS FS)

• Emerging and frontier economies are expected to be
a key engine of global GDP growth in the coming
decade.

• Demographics are an important driver of this strong
growth with the 10 largest developing economies
accounting for more than 50% of the world
population in 2024. But there are several other
reasons why developing economies can outgrow
their developed peers, in our view.

• From an investor perspective, it is also crucial to
identify the markets that can convert high economic
growth into strong earnings growth. According
to our analysis, the UAE, Kazakhstan, Egypt, the
Philippines, and India are the markets offering the
best combination of high expected GDP growth and
stock market sensitivity to the domestic economy.

• Beyond these macro considerations, the micro lens
is important too. In our view, an active investment
approach allows investors to extend the assessment
to a sector or even company level.

• This theme replaces the old “Frontier markets” long-
term investment theme.

Source: iStock

 

Our view
Emerging (EM) and frontier (FM) economies house the bulk
of the world population and are driving global economic
growth. According to the US Census Bureau, the 10 largest
developing countries alone accounted for more than 50%
of the world population in 2024, while the IMF estimates
that in 2025, 60% of the world GDP will be generated
in emerging markets and developing economies. Moreover,
the share of GDP generated by this part of the world is
expected to continue increasing over the coming years (see
Figure 1).

Looking at these statistics, the investment opportunities in
emerging and frontier markets are hard to ignore. However,
in terms of investment returns, these markets have largely
underperformed their developed counterparts (led by the
US exceptionalism) in recent decades. In this report, we re-
examine the case for emerging and frontier markets from
a long-term investment perspective and we explain why we
think an active investment approach is the best way to take
advantage of the investment opportunities in these regions.

This report has been prepared by UBS Switzerland AG, UBS Financial Services Inc. (UBS FS). Please see important
disclaimers and disclosures at the end of the document.



Longer Term Investments

Figure 1: Share of world GDP
Share of world GDP based on PPP generated by advanced economies
and by the rest of the world, the dashed line represents 2025

Source: International Monetary Fund, World Economic Outlook October
2024.

There are two main reasons why we think investing in
emerging and frontier market equities is attractive. First,
these economies on average tend to grow at much faster
rates than developed world peers. Second, these markets
usually display a low correlation to developments in global
equities and can thus provide useful diversification in
portfolios.

Emerging and frontier economies tend to grow faster for a
variety of reasons:
1. Unlike developed market economies, demographics tend

to be a tailwind for these regions.

2. The working-age population in many of these economies
is still expanding, while the dependency ratio is generally
lower.

3. Relative income levels tend to be low, which makes their
workforce competitive and can be a pull factor for foreign
investments.

4. Leveraging existing technologies can boost productivity
growth, without having to sustain related R&D costs. A
low capital stock tends to yield higher returns.

5. Business conditions tend to be poorer, but offer room for
improvement.

While higher economic growth does not necessarily
translate into higher earnings growth or higher investment
returns, it is usually an important driver of investment
returns. Moreover, not only does higher current and
expected economic growth tend to translate into higher
earnings growth, but it usually also supports valuations and
has a positive impact on the local currency.

Nevertheless, in some circumstances, the relationship
between GDP growth and earnings can unravel. Below,
we explore potential reasons as to why this relationship
does not always hold true, and we provide some statistics
across markets to assess how well each market has done at
translating economic growth into earnings growth over the
past years.

Finally, it is important to recognize that for a global investor,
emerging and frontier markets can also have the advantage
of providing useful geographic diversification. Figure 9 (at
the end of the report) shows the weekly returns in USD
terms for a broad sample of emerging and frontier markets,
and their correlation with the S&P 500 and the MSCI World
Index, which we use as a proxy for global equities. Overall,
the correlation among these markets is pretty low as well
as their sensitivity to developments affecting global equities.
For instance, as shown in Figure 2, while the correlation
between the S&P 500 and the MSCI World ex-US—a proxy
for non-US developed markets—with global equities is 0.98
and 0.9, respectively, the correlation between global equities
and the MSCI Emerging Markets and MSCI Frontier Markets
indices stands at 0.73 and 0.75, respectively.

Figure 2: Emerging and frontier markets are a
good portfolio diversifier
5-year correlation of weekly total returns in USD with the MSCI World
Index.

Source: MSCI, Bloomberg, UBS, as of March 2025.

2



Longer Term Investments

Identifying future growth
champions
At a fundamental level, economic growth is driven by two
main components: the change in working-age population
(i.e., demographics) and the change in the quantity of
output produced by each worker (i.e., productivity). Hence,
it is important to look at both these factors to assess which
economies are likely to be future growth champions.

Table 1 provides a summary of the current demographic
forecast produced by the U.S. Census Bureau for several
emerging and frontier economies. Over the next decade,
countries in Sub-Saharan Africa like Kenya and Nigeria, as
well as Egypt and Pakistan are expected to benefit from
the strongest demographic tailwinds, with their working-
age population expected to growth over 2% per annum
over the next 10 years. Other economies like Saudi Arabia
or the Philippines are also set to benefit from favorable
demographics, but to a lesser extent. On the other end
of the EM spectrum, the decrease in the working-age
population is expected to weigh on growth in several Asian
economies and in countries like Poland.

These economies are not only likely to see their workforce
shrink in the coming years, their population is also set to
become older on average, which is likely to further weigh on
their growth potential going forward. A key metric to look
for in this regard is the dependency ratio, which measures
the ratio of “dependent” people (i.e., those aged below
15 or above 64 years old) to the working-age population.
South Korea, Taiwan, Thailand, and mainland China are
expected to see the largest increase in the dependency ratio
among the markets in our sample. A rising dependency ratio
is typically a headwind for growth as it puts pressure on
governments to increase spending to support the elderly—
which usually translates into higher taxes or higher debt—
and can have a negative impact on investment rates, given
the elderly’s lower saving power compared to working-age
people.

Table 1: Working population is expected to grow
in most emerging and frontier economies
Demographic forecasts

Source: U.S. Census, UBS, November 2024 projections.

Alongside demographic developments, increasing
productivity is an essential input for sustainable growth.
Over the last few years, Asian economies have seen
the strongest productivity gains. Economies like mainland
China, Vietnam, Bangladesh, and India in particular have
achieved very large productivity improvements over the
recent years, while Argentina, Nigeria, Saudi Arabia, and
Brazil have had the lowest productivity growth.

Figure 3: Asian economies have led in terms of
productivity growth
Average change in output-per-worker across markets between 2014
and 2024

Source: ILOSTAT, 2024 estimates.

3



Longer Term Investments

However, simply looking at the productivity gains of the past
is not a good forecasting tool for which markets will lead
growth in the future. For instance, those that have benefited
from a competitive workforce in terms of cost of labor at a
certain point in time may start to become less competitive
as they become wealthier, and may need to rely on different
drivers to continue increasing productivity (e.g., technology-
led productivity enhancement).

Some of the key drivers of productivity growth include past
labor productivity growth, cost of labor, investments, and
the quality of domestic institutions. Table 2 summarizes our
assessment of these drivers for select economies.

Table 2: Outside Asia, the United Arab Emirates
and Türkiye are expected to see the highest
productivity growth
Drivers of output-per-worker growth across markets.

Source: IMF, World Bank, ILOSTAT, Bloomberg, Asian Development Bank,
UBS, as of March 2025.

Historically, there has been a close correlation between these
indicators and the subsequent actual change in output-
per-worker (see Figure 4). Applying this framework to the
most recent data, Vietnam, mainland China, Bangladesh,
the UAE, and Indonesia should see productivity grow

faster over the next decade, while Argentina, Sri Lanka,
Nigeria, Mexico, and Saudi Arabia are likely to clock smaller
productivity gains, barring meaningful structural reforms to
enhance productivity growth.

Figure 4: Predicting future productive growth
based on productivity score
Productivity score 2010 vs GDP per worker growth 2010-20

Source: IMF, World Bank, WEF, ILOSTAT, Asian Development Bank, UBS, as
of March 2025.

Such reform efforts are of course an important reason why
an investor might decide to deviate from the systematic,
rule-based approach we apply here. Saudi Arabia’s current
reform efforts as part of its Vision 2030 agenda aim at
productivity improvements across nearly all aspects of its
economy, suggesting that the administration is very well
aware of the possible upside productivity enhancements
could mean for economic growth. If successful, this can
help to leverage the country’s favorable demographic trend,
resulting in an improved growth outlook, and possibly
upside for local stocks.

Looking at productivity growth and demographics together
provides a picture of the economic potential over the
coming years. Markets with a strong outlook in terms of
both demographics and productivity growth include India,
Indonesia, Vietnam, the Philippines, and Bangladesh. The
demographic strength of various African countries such as
Kenya and Nigeria is often not matched by similarly strong
metrics for productivity growth, barring any material change
in policy. The opposite is true for many economies in Asia.

4



Longer Term Investments

Figure 5: The sweet spot: high productivity and
demographic potential
Productivity vs demographic potential, proxied by our productivity
score and U.S. Census Bureau working-age population annual growth
forecasts over the next 10 years.

Source: U.S. Census Bureau, IMF, World Bank, WEF, ILOSTAT, Asian
Development Bank, UBS, as of March 2025.

GDP growth and EPS growth: In or
out of sync
GDP growth is usually positively correlated with earnings
growth as economic expansion usually produces a
conducive environment for businesses. Rising consumer
demand, investment, and generally more business activity
tend to be supportive for corporate earnings. However, GDP
growth and earnings growth can sometimes decouple for a
variety of reasons.

First, markets with high exposure to international revenues
are usually less sensitive to domestic GDP developments.
Market composition matters as well. All else being equal,
markets with a higher share of cyclical sectors are likely
to have a stronger correlation between earnings growth
and GDP growth. Furthermore, in some regions, foreign
investors can only invest in parts of the equity market or
their participation in certain companies is capped by quotas.
Hence, a market’s investable universe (i.e., the equity index)
may not be representative of the economy.

Figure 6: Sector composition varies significantly
across markets

Source: Bloomberg, MSCI, as of February 2025.
Cyclicals sectors include consumer discretionary, financials, industrials, real estate, energy,
and materials, while defensives sectors include communication services, consumer staples,
health care, and utilities. Finally, the growth category includes stocks belonging to the
information technology sector. We consider the energy and materials sectors separately from
other cyclicals sectors, since they tend to include a high proportion of exporters, which are by
definition less influenced by domestic economic developments.

Finally, another important—albeit less intuitive—reason for
a divergence between GDP and profitability is dilution
(i.e., the ongoing net equity issuance by companies).
While raising cash can be a necessity for companies in
some specific circumstances, for instance to finance new
investments and take on new projects, more often than not
dilution is negative for investors, as it tends to put pressure
on companies’ earnings per share (EPS). Furthermore, an
excessive amount of dilution may also be a signal that
firms in a market are pursuing objectives other than
pure shareholder value maximization. It is worth noting
that equity issuance has been a problem in particular for
emerging markets.

Indeed, as shown in Figure 7, while the number of shares
in the MSCI World Index has remained broadly stable over
the last 10 years, it has more than doubled for the MSCI
Emerging Markets Index over the same period. This has
contributed to EM EPS essentially going nowhere over
the past decade (to a lesser extent, currency depreciation
has also dragged EM EPS over the same period), whereas
the S&P 500’s EPS growth rate stands at high-single-digit
CAGR. Based on our calculations, share dilution translated
into a 6% CAGR drag on EM EPS over the last decade.
In other words, total net income could have grown at a
positive rate but the dilutive effect over the years has eroded
shareholders’ gains in terms of earnings. For more detail on
individual market dilution impact on EPS, please refer to our
report "Can EM EPS recover in the next decade?," published
20 September 2023.

5



Longer Term Investments

Figure 7: Equity supply has increased significantly
in emerging markets
Issuance of shares across markets (proxied by the respective Index
divisor)

Source: Bloomberg, as of February 2025.

For all these reasons, even fast-growing economies do
not necessarily produce roaring equity markets. So, while
identifying fast-growing economies is an important step
for investors, it is not enough. In fact, it is crucial to
also understand which markets are better at converting
economic growth into earnings growth. From a top-down
perspective, a simple way to assess this is to look at the
historical ratio between GDP and EPS growth. As shown in
Figure 8, over the last 10 years, Brazil, Taiwan, and the UAE
have been the best major markets at converting GDP growth
into earnings growth.

Figure 8: Earnings growth tends to follow nominal
GDP to a varying degrees
Nominal GDP growth and earnings growth across markets (2014-24
CAGR, lhs), together with their ratio (rhs)

Source: IMF, Bloomberg, as of February 2025.
The CAGR for Argentina GDP is computed between 2017 and 2024 due to the availability of
data.

Egypt, Peru, and Kenya also screen well with regard to this
metric, but we interpret these results more cautiously as
these markets have only a very limited number of stocks.

At the other end of the spectrum, Thailand and mainland
China have struggled to convert GDP into EPS growth.

Conclusions
Markets backed by fast-growing economies and a high EPS-
GDP growth ratio can make for an attractive combination
for investors. So, in our final step, we look at the growth
potential of each market along with its ability to convert
economic growth into EPS growth. To assess the growth
potential of each economy, we take the average of the
growth rate implied by the analysis of productivity and
demographics drivers described above, and of the official
IMF GDP forecasts. Using an average should improve
the robustness of our results, since we model long-term
growth forecasts, while the IMF’s World Economic Outlook
focuses only on the next five years, but incorporates
relevant idiosyncratic aspects not covered by our systematic
approach.

In addition, we also take into account the sector
composition of each market. Those with a high proportion
of cyclical sectors should be more sensitive to domestic GDP
developments. Finally, we include the difference between
earnings-per-share and total earnings growth over the last
five years as a proxy for dilution across markets. Indeed,
as explained above, earnings dilution has historically been
significant in emerging markets and can further weaken
the link between GDP growth and earnings growth. All
else being equal, we consider markets in which earnings
per share growth has outpaced total earnings growth more
attractive.

According to this framework, the United Arab Emirates,
Kazakhstan, Egypt, the Philippines, and India screen as the
most attractive markets (see Table 3 at the end of the report).
That said, we are cautious on Kazakhstan and Egypt as these
markets contain only a handful of stocks, making the results
less reliable.

Finally, while we think that the approach described in this
report provides a useful framework to identify attractive
investment opportunities in emerging and frontier markets
over a long-term horizon, we also believe that an active
approach is ultimately the best way for investors to gain
exposure. Indeed, while we recognize their attractiveness
in terms of economic growth, these markets come with
very high idiosyncratic risks. Moreover, we have shown that
there are several ways in which equity market indices can
decouple from domestic growth developments. For this
reason, we think that relying solely on market indices to
build exposure to this asset class is not the best approach,

6



Longer Term Investments

but we instead advise investors to consider active ways of
gaining exposure.

How to invest
Our long-term investment theme is based on structural
drivers and suitable for investors willing to invest over
multiple business cycles. As mentioned above, we believe
that given the complexity and high idiosyncratic risks of
these markets, an active investment approach is the best
way to get exposure to this theme.

Reference List
The reference list at the end of the report provides a list of
the largest stocks in the top 10 markets shown in Table 3.
For market indices that have more than 20 constituents, we
select the 20 biggest stocks in the index. Please note that
this list is only for reference and is not a recommendation
list.

Sustainability considerations
by Stephanie-WI Choi
As of 2024, the annual financing gap to reach the
United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (UN SDGs)
is estimated at USD 4 trillion—a figure that has continued
to grow this decade, despite consistent efforts to
boost sustainable finance. Emerging and frontier markets’
development needs make up the bulk of this gap, and
geopolitical uncertainties have only further weakened the
visibility of public multilateral funding support in these
regions.

Private sector participation, therefore, is increasingly critical.
Private companies can play an important complementary
role to public development policies in addressing systemic
challenges in developing markets, in two distinct ways.

First, companies providing critical goods and services
responsibly—emphasizing accessibility and affordability—
directly contribute toward respective SDGs. For example,
financial inclusion can help promote no poverty (SDG 1),
as well as health care (SDG 3) and education (SDG 4), and
even basic utilities like clean water and sanitation (SDG 6),
to name a few.

Second, private companies can also drive fair employment,
innovation, infrastructure, and governance standards that
can have long-term multiplier effects on local communities.
In some cases, employers can also be critical providers of
baseline social services, from housing and insurance to

early childhood education and health care. Directionally,
investments into select frontier market companies may also
have intentional or incidental relevance to SDG 8: Decent
work and economic growth, which tracks indicators not
only based on GDP and employment, but also on material
intensity of GDP and labor rights, for example.

The relative scarcity of funding, combined with potential
multiplier effects, are why impact investors often seek
out opportunities in emerging and frontier markets for
additional and measurable change. According to the Global
Impact Investing Network (GIIN), emerging market-focused
impact investments have growth from USD 97 billion in
2019 to USD 132 billion in 2024.

We caution, however, that this by no means implies
that all emerging and frontier market investments can
automatically be considered sustainable or impactful. The
actual SDG contribution potential of an investment is largely
determined by specific implementation. Whether investing
into a service provider or an employer, the emphasis is not
on the “what”, but on the “who” and the “how”—e.g.,
the impact of a loan can vary greatly depending on the
intentions of both the debtor and creditor, as well as loan
terms and pricing.

This nuance means that impact investing opportunities in
emerging and frontier markets are typically earlier stage and
private market investments, where a direct assessment of
these characteristics may be more feasible. The corollary
is that these opportunities are often small-scale, may have
extended investment cycles, and lack comparability to
traditional investment benchmarks, all of which add to
perceived investment risk.

For investors in public markets, there are limited avenues
to pursue sustainable and impact investing in these regions
as relevant opportunities remains scarce. Larger emerging
markets are beginning to see advancing sustainability
data and regulations, both of which can support some
sustainable investing integration, but implementation can
again be highly specific.

7



Longer Term Investments

Figure 9: Correlation among emerging markets, frontier markets, and global equities
5-year correlation of weekly total returns in USD

UBS, MSCI, as of March 2025.

Table 3: The UAE, Kazakhstan, Egypt, the Philippines, and India screen as the most attractive markets in
our sample

Source: IMF, MSCI, Bloomberg, UBS, as of March 2025.

8



Longer Term Investments

Table 4: Emerging markets and frontier markets companies reference list. This is not a list of
recommendations

Source: UBS, Bloomberg, MSCI, as of March 18 2025

9



Longer Term Investments

10



Longer Term Investments

Table 4 : Emerging markets and frontier markets companies reference list. This is not a list of
recommendations

Source: UBS, Bloomberg, MSCI, as of March 18 2025

11



Longer Term Investments

12



Longer Term Investments

Table 4 : Emerging markets and frontier markets companies reference list. This is not a list of
recommendations

Source: UBS, Bloomberg, MSCI, as of March 18 2025

13



Longer Term Investments

Table 4: Emerging markets and frontier markets companies reference list. This is not a list of
recommendations

Source: UBS, Bloomberg, MSCI, as of March 18 2025

14



Longer Term Investments

Appendix

Risk information
UBS Chief Investment Office's ("CIO") investment views are prepared and published by the Global Wealth Management
business of UBS Switzerland AG (regulated by FINMA in Switzerland) or its affiliates ("UBS"), part of UBS Group AG ("UBS
Group"). UBS Group includes former Credit Suisse AG, its subsidiaries, branches and affiliates. Additional disclaimer relevant
to Credit Suisse Wealth Management follows at the end of this section.
The investment views have been prepared in accordance with legal requirements designed to promote the independence
of investment research.
Generic investment research – Risk information:
This publication is for your information only and is not intended as an offer, or a solicitation of an offer, to buy or sell
any investment or other specific product. The analysis contained herein does not constitute a personal recommendation or
take into account the particular investment objectives, investment strategies, financial situation and needs of any specific
recipient. It is based on numerous assumptions. Different assumptions could result in materially different results. Certain
services and products are subject to legal restrictions and cannot be offered worldwide on an unrestricted basis and/or may
not be eligible for sale to all investors. All information and opinions expressed in this document were obtained from sources
believed to be reliable and in good faith, but no representation or warranty, express or implied, is made as to its accuracy
or completeness (other than disclosures relating to UBS). All information and opinions as well as any forecasts, estimates
and market prices indicated are current as of the date of this report, and are subject to change without notice. Opinions
expressed herein may differ or be contrary to those expressed by other business areas or divisions of UBS as a result of
using different assumptions and/or criteria. UBS may utilise artificial intelligence tools (“AI Tools”) in the preparation of this
document. Notwithstanding any such use of AI Tools, this document has undergone human review.
In no circumstances may this document or any of the information (including any forecast, value, index or other calculated
amount ("Values")) be used for any of the following purposes (i) valuation or accounting purposes; (ii) to determine the
amounts due or payable, the price or the value of any financial instrument or financial contract; or (iii) to measure the
performance of any financial instrument including, without limitation, for the purpose of tracking the return or performance
of any Value or of defining the asset allocation of portfolio or of computing performance fees. By receiving this document
and the information you will be deemed to represent and warrant to UBS that you will not use this document or otherwise
rely on any of the information for any of the above purposes. UBS and any of its directors or employees may be entitled at
any time to hold long or short positions in investment instruments referred to herein, carry out transactions involving relevant
investment instruments in the capacity of principal or agent, or provide any other services or have officers, who serve as
directors, either to/for the issuer, the investment instrument itself or to/for any company commercially or financially affiliated
to such issuers. At any time, investment decisions (including whether to buy, sell or hold securities) made by UBS and its
employees may differ from or be contrary to the opinions expressed in UBS research publications. Some investments may not
be readily realizable since the market in the securities is illiquid and therefore valuing the investment and identifying the risk
to which you are exposed may be difficult to quantify. UBS relies on information barriers to control the flow of information
contained in one or more areas within UBS, into other areas, units, divisions or affiliates of UBS. Futures and options trading
is not suitable for every investor as there is a substantial risk of loss, and losses in excess of an initial investment may occur.
Past performance of an investment is no guarantee for its future performance. Additional information will be made available
upon request. Some investments may be subject to sudden and large falls in value and on realization you may receive back
less than you invested or may be required to pay more. Changes in foreign exchange rates may have an adverse effect on
the price, value or income of an investment. The analyst(s) responsible for the preparation of this report may interact with
trading desk personnel, sales personnel and other constituencies for the purpose of gathering, synthesizing and interpreting
market information.
Different areas, groups, and personnel within UBS Group may produce and distribute separate research products
independently of each other. For example, research publications from CIO are produced by UBS Global Wealth
Management. UBS Global Research is produced by UBS Investment Bank. Research methodologies and rating systems
of each separate research organization may differ, for example, in terms of investment recommendations, investment
horizon, model assumptions, and valuation methods. As a consequence, except for certain economic forecasts (for which
UBS CIO and UBS Global Research may collaborate), investment recommendations, ratings, price targets, and valuations
provided by each of the separate research organizations may be different, or inconsistent. You should refer to each relevant
research product for the details as to their methodologies and rating system. Not all clients may have access to all products
from every organization. Each research product is subject to the policies and procedures of the organization that produces it.
The compensation of the analyst(s) who prepared this report is determined exclusively by research management and senior
management (not including investment banking). Analyst compensation is not based on investment banking, sales and
trading or principal trading revenues, however, compensation may relate to the revenues of UBS Group as a whole, of which
investment banking, sales and trading and principal trading are a part.
Tax treatment depends on the individual circumstances and may be subject to change in the future. UBS does not provide
legal or tax advice and makes no representations as to the tax treatment of assets or the investment returns thereon both in

15



Longer Term Investments

general or with reference to specific client's circumstances and needs. We are of necessity unable to take into account the
particular investment objectives, financial situation and needs of our individual clients and we would recommend that you
take financial and/or tax advice as to the implications (including tax) of investing in any of the products mentioned herein.
This material may not be reproduced or copies circulated without prior authority of UBS. Unless otherwise agreed in writing
UBS expressly prohibits the distribution and transfer of this material to third parties for any reason. UBS accepts no liability
whatsoever for any claims or lawsuits from any third parties arising from the use or distribution of this material. This report
is for distribution only under such circumstances as may be permitted by applicable law. For information on the ways in
which CIO manages conflicts and maintains independence of its investment views and publication offering, and research
and rating methodologies, please visit www.ubs.com/research-methodology. Additional information on the relevant authors
of this publication and other CIO publication(s) referenced in this report; and copies of any past reports on this topic; are
available upon request from your client advisor.
Important Information About Sustainable Investing Strategies: Sustainable investing strategies aim to consider
and incorporate environmental, social and governance (ESG) factors into investment process and portfolio construction.
Strategies across geographies approach ESG analysis and incorporate the findings in a variety of ways. Incorporating ESG
factors or Sustainable Investing considerations may inhibit UBS’s ability to participate in or to advise on certain investment
opportunities that otherwise would be consistent with the Client’s investment objectives. The returns on a portfolio
incorporating ESG factors or Sustainable Investing considerations may be lower or higher than portfolios where ESG factors,
exclusions, or other sustainability issues are not considered by UBS, and the investment opportunities available to such
portfolios may differ.
External Asset Managers / External Financial Consultants: In case this research or publication is provided to an External
Asset Manager or an External Financial Consultant, UBS expressly prohibits that it is redistributed by the External Asset
Manager or the External Financial Consultant and is made available to their clients and/or third parties.
USA: Distributed to US persons only by UBS Financial Services Inc. or UBS Securities LLC, subsidiaries of UBS AG. UBS
Switzerland AG, UBS Europe SE, UBS Bank, S.A., UBS Brasil Administradora de Valores Mobiliarios Ltda, UBS Asesores Mexico,
S.A. de C.V., UBS SuMi TRUST Wealth Management Co., Ltd., UBS Wealth Management Israel Ltd and UBS Menkul Degerler
AS are affiliates of UBS AG. UBS Financial Services Inc. accepts responsibility for the content of a report prepared
by a non-US affiliate when it distributes reports to US persons. All transactions by a US person in the securities
mentioned in this report should be effected through a US-registered broker dealer affiliated with UBS, and not
through a non-US affiliate. The contents of this report have not been and will not be approved by any securities
or investment authority in the United States or elsewhere. UBS Financial Services Inc. is not acting as a municipal
advisor to any municipal entity or obligated person within the meaning of Section 15B of the Securities Exchange
Act (the "Municipal Advisor Rule") and the opinions or views contained herein are not intended to be, and do
not constitute, advice within the meaning of the Municipal Advisor Rule.
For country information, please visit ubs.com/cio-country-disclaimer-gr or ask your client advisor for the full disclaimer.
Additional Disclaimer relevant to Credit Suisse Wealth Management
You receive this document in your capacity as a client of Credit Suisse Wealth Management. Your personal data will be
processed in accordance with the Credit Suisse privacy statement accessible at your domicile through the official Credit
Suisse website . In order to provide you with marketing materials concerning our products and services, UBS Group AG
and its subsidiaries may process your basic personal data (i.e. contact details such as name, e-mail address) until you notify
us that you no longer wish to receive them. You can optout from receiving these materials at any time by informing your
Relationship Manager.
Except as otherwise specified herein and/or depending on the local Credit Suisse entity from which you are receiving this
report, this report is distributed by UBS Switzerland AG, authorised and regulated by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory
Authority (FINMA).
Version A/2025. CIO82652744
© UBS 2025. The key symbol and UBS are among the registered and unregistered trademarks of UBS. All rights reserved.

16

http://www.ubs.com/research-methodology
https://www.ubs.com/global/en/wealthmanagement/insights/chief-investment-office/country-disclaimer-gr.html

