
29 April 2025, 07:15 BST
Chief Investment Office GWM
Investment Research

Six ways to invest in Europe – "Liberation Day"
makes us go more balanced
European equities
 
Authors: Seraina Hold, CFA, CIO Equity Sector Strategist, UBS Switzerland AG; Achille Monnet, CIO Equity Sector Strategist, UBS Switzerland AG; Rolf
Ganter, CFA, CIO Head of Europe Equities, UBS Switzerland AG; Alexander Stiehler, CFA, CIO Head of Longer Term Investment Themes, UBS Switzerland
AG; Sacha Holderegger, CFA, CIO Equity Sector Strategist, UBS Switzerland AG

• US President Trump introduced a "baseline" tariff of
10% on imports from all other nations starting on 5
April, with higher "reciprocal" rates on specified trading
partners deemed to have excessive tariff or non-tariff
barriers from 9 April.

• In this report, we highlight in more detail what has
happened, and our conclusion to balance cyclical and
defensive exposure in our "Six Ways to invest in Europe"
theme. We also highlight the respective weight changes
as well as the three new names we added to achieve this
balance: AstraZeneca, Enel, and Vinci.

• To effectively navigate this challenging environment,
we recommend investing in Europe in a selective but
still diversified and risk-return optimized portfolio using
our theme, "Six ways to invest in Europe." Investors
should see our corresponding regularly updated Equity
Preference List for our selection of companies. It includes
names that we believe are less vulnerable to tariff-related
headwinds, while at the same time benefiting from the
other positive drivers in Europe.

Source: Getty

For our stock picks, please refer to our "Six ways to
invest in Europe" Equity Preference List. Figure 2 in
this report also highlights our selection of "Globally
active European companies with limited global trade
risks," which we believe are less vulnerable to the
tariff-related headwinds.

 
Post “Liberation Day"
On 2 April, President Trump made several major significant
tariff-related announcements, imposing a 34% rate on
China (54% in aggregate including the tariffs already in
place), 24% on Japan, 20% on the European Union,
and 31% on Switzerland. The president also introduced
a "baseline" tariff of 10% on imports from all other
nations starting on 5 April, with higher "reciprocal" rates on
specified trading partners deemed to have excessive tariff or
non-tariff barriers from 9 April.

The announced tariffs are more aggressive than our base
case and can be viewed as an escalation of trade war risks.
For this reason, we see a non-negligible risk of retaliation,
inflation or a macroeconomic slowdown. We would note
that inflation and growth could be impacted quicker than

the Fed reacts, leading to near-term headwind risks, which
could also affect other markets.

As a result, global equity markets have sold off, with the
Euro Stoxx 50 down over 3.5% and the S&P 500 off by
over 4.8% as of market close yesterday. Bond yields have
declined, with investors focusing on risks to growth rather
than the inflationary impact of tariffs.

Market uncertainty is likely to remain elevated in the weeks
ahead, as investors consider likely downgrades to consensus
economic and earnings growth forecasts, the risk of a
retaliation in tariffs, and the potential scope for the new
tariffs to be negotiated down. All of this is likely to mean an
extended period of volatility for equities.

This report has been prepared by UBS Switzerland AG. Please see important disclaimers and disclosures at the end
of the document.



European equities

Having said this, we see our "Six Ways to invest in Europe"
theme as well positioned, as it provides a selective, while
at the same time diversified and balanced, way to invest in
Europe. It contains a significant proportion of stocks which
are less vulnerable to tariff-related headwinds, in our view,
while at the same time benefiting from the other positive
drivers in Europe.

What do we think
In the coming weeks, the White House's executive authority
is expected to face legal challenges regarding the president's
use of the International Emergency Economic Powers Act
(IEEPA) to announce significant tariff changes. Businesses
are likely to increase lobbying efforts, and political pressure
to reduce tariffs may grow as economic costs rise.

Indeed, the US president has invited negotiations, and
US Treasury Secretary Bessent even indicated that the
announced tariffs are at "the high end of the number”
and could be lowered through negotiations. Moreover, EU
Commission President Ursula von der Leyen criticized the
tariffs as harmful to the global economy and mentioned
that Europe is preparing countermeasures but will seek to
negotiate with the US first.

Having said this, the negotiation process may take time, and
in the short term, the US could impose higher "reciprocal"
tariffs if other countries retaliate. This is expected to
slow economic growth in the second and third quarters.
Before the "Liberation Day" announcement, the Trump
administration's actions had already increased the US
effective tariff rate from 2.5% to about 9%, the highest
since World War II. If the threatened sector-specific tariffs
are also applied, the effective tariff rate could rise by up to
15 percentage points, reaching a level between 20% and
25% (see Figure 1).

Even if tariffs are ultimately reduced by year-end, the
impending shock and associated uncertainty are likely to
drive a near-term slowdown in the US economy and reduce
full-year 2025 growth to closer to or below 1%. We would
also expect the Federal Reserve to deliver 75-100 bps of rate
cuts over the remainder of 2025.

Fig. 1: If implemented, the effective US tariff rate
would rise to levels not seen for over 100 years
Duties collected as a share of total US imports, in %

Source: US International Trade Commission, Historical Statistics of the
United States, Colonial Times to 1970, UBS as of 4 March 2025

Trump's announcements on Europe have been more
aggressive than we had expected, which increases the
risk of escalation and a potentially weaker-for-longer
macroeconomic climate. While difficult to quantify, we
believe the second-order effects will be material, and they
keep us from taking a more positive stance and upgrading
Europe from our current Neutral stance.

What do we recommend
While we see limited near-term catalysts for the broad-
based European market, we believe our "Six Ways to invest
in Europe" theme offers an attractive way to invest in
the region as it helps effectively navigate this challenging
environment, offering a selective but still diversified risk-
return optimized portfolio.

Investors should see our corresponding regularly updated
Equity Preference List (EPL) for our selection of companies,
which includes stocks that we believe are less vulnerable to
tariff-related headwinds, while at the same time benefiting
from the other positive drivers we see in Europe.

In order to deal with the fallout from "Liberation Day," we
added three names to our stock list: AstraZeneca, Enel,
and Vinci. All three of them add a more defensive tilt to our
theme and balance cyclical and defensive exposure, while
at the same time bringing stock-specific positive drivers to
the theme.

Looking more closely at the rationale for adding these
names, UK-headquartered AstraZenca helps us to reduce
our underweight of the heallh care sector, while at the same

2



European equities

time taking into account the more favorable treatment of
the UK versus other nations. Italy-based utility Enel serves as
a solid, more stable, non-tariff-exposed name in our theme.
While we maintain a strong preference for the industrial
sector and its respective individual companies with defense
stocks our preferred sub-sector, we add French-based Vinci
as an internationally exposed infrastructure company with
very limited trade risks. At the same time, we streamline
the individual weight of certain industrial names outside
the defense sector, while we reduce the weight of banks
within our theme to cope with the falling interest rates /
yield environment we have seen. Please see Figure 2 for our
current selection of stocks and their respective sub-theme
exposure.

3



European equities

Fig. 2: "Six ways to invest in Europe" Equity Preference List (EPL)
Our current selections on our EPL and their respective sub-theme exposure

Source: UBS, as of 4 April 2025

* Our sub-themes: 1: Cyclical economic recovery ahead in Europe, 2: Post-election beneficiaries in Germany, 3: Rising security
investments (defense and cyber), 4: Rebuilding Ukraine and recovery in Eastern Europe, 5: Beneficiaries of lower energy
costs in Europe, 6: Globally active European companies with limited global trade risks.

Note: As our selections may change over time, please always consult the underlying EPL "Six ways to invest in Europe" for
our up-to-date equity preferences. The respective EPL [which also lists the analyst(s) responsible for the selections and the
thematic benchmark] can be found on the UBS CIO portal, which can be accessed via the e-banking platform or via Quotes.

4



12 month rating history

Release date Company name Equity Preference List Current selection Previous selection

Nov 28 2024 Accor European Small & Mid caps Most Preferred -

Mar 17 2025 Accor SPL - Equity Reverse Convertibles Tactical Opportunity List Not Listed Most Preferred

Dec 10 2024 Accor SPL - Equity Reverse Convertibles Tactical Opportunity List Most Preferred Not Listed

Feb 25 2025 Accor Six Ways to Invest in Europe Most Preferred -

Dec 19 2024 Allianz EQR-Total return top picks Most Preferred -

Dec 19 2024 Allianz European Greentech Most Preferred Not Listed

May 28 2024 Allianz SPL - Equity Reverse Convertibles Tactical Opportunity List Not Listed Most Preferred

May 03 2024 Allianz SPL - Equity Reverse Convertibles Tactical Opportunity List Most Preferred Not Listed

Feb 25 2025 Allianz Six Ways to Invest in Europe Most Preferred -

Jan 15 2025 Allianz Sustainable investing, global leaders Most Preferred Not Listed

Mar 26 2025 AstraZeneca European Healthcare Most Preferred -

Mar 27 2025 AstraZeneca Global top list Most Preferred -

Mar 26 2025 AstraZeneca Longevity Most Preferred -

Mar 26 2025 AstraZeneca UK Most Preferred Not Listed

Apr 08 2024 BAE SYSTEMS European Industrials Most Preferred Not Listed

Mar 17 2025 BAE SYSTEMS SPL - Equity Reverse Convertibles Tactical Opportunity List Most Preferred -

Feb 25 2025 BAE SYSTEMS Six Ways to Invest in Europe Most Preferred -

Apr 08 2024 BAE SYSTEMS UK Most Preferred Not Listed

Jul 11 2024 BASF SE EQR-Total return top picks Not Listed Most Preferred

Jul 23 2024 BASF SE SPL - Equity Reverse Convertibles Tactical Opportunity List Not Listed Most Preferred

Apr 18 2024 BASF SE SPL - Equity Reverse Convertibles Tactical Opportunity List Most Preferred -

Feb 25 2025 BASF SE Six Ways to Invest in Europe Most Preferred -

Jan 24 2025 BAWAG Group European Small & Mid caps Not Listed Most Preferred

Oct 08 2024 BAWAG Group European Small & Mid caps Most Preferred -

Feb 25 2025 BAWAG Group Six Ways to Invest in Europe Most Preferred -

Nov 12 2024 Barclays PLC SPL - Equity Reverse Convertibles Tactical Opportunity List Not Listed Most Preferred

Jul 09 2024 Barclays PLC SPL - Equity Reverse Convertibles Tactical Opportunity List Most Preferred Not Listed

Jun 25 2024 Barclays PLC SPL - Equity Reverse Convertibles Tactical Opportunity List Not Listed Most Preferred

Feb 25 2025 Barclays PLC Six Ways to Invest in Europe Most Preferred -

Sep 20 2024 Deutsche Telekom EQR-Favored European Defensives Not Listed Most Preferred

Apr 18 2024 Deutsche Telekom EQR-Favored European Defensives Most Preferred -

Sep 20 2024 Deutsche Telekom EQR-Total return top picks Not Listed Most Preferred

Apr 26 2024 Deutsche Telekom EQR-Total return top picks Most Preferred -

Jan 15 2025 Deutsche Telekom European Greentech Most Preferred Not Listed

Sep 10 2024 Deutsche Telekom European Greentech Not Listed Most Preferred

Jan 20 2025 Deutsche Telekom SPL - Equity Reverse Convertibles Tactical Opportunity List Most Preferred Not Listed

Oct 15 2024 Deutsche Telekom SPL - Equity Reverse Convertibles Tactical Opportunity List Not Listed Most Preferred

Sep 18 2024 Deutsche Telekom SPL - Equity Reverse Convertibles Tactical Opportunity List Most Preferred Not Listed

Feb 25 2025 Deutsche Telekom Six Ways to Invest in Europe Most Preferred -

Nov 20 2024 E.ON 30 for '30 Not Listed Most Preferred

Aug 05 2024 E.ON 30 for '30 Most Preferred -

Jan 23 2025 E.ON EQR-Total return top picks Not Listed Most Preferred

Jan 24 2025 E.ON European Greentech Not Listed Most Preferred

Dec 06 2024 E.ON Eurozone Not Listed Most Preferred

Aug 05 2024 E.ON Eurozone Most Preferred Not Listed

Jan 23 2025 E.ON Power and Resources Not Listed Most Preferred

Nov 18 2024 E.ON Power and Resources Most Preferred -

Mar 05 2025 E.ON SPL - Equity Reverse Convertibles Tactical Opportunity List Not Listed Most Preferred

Dec 10 2024 E.ON SPL - Equity Reverse Convertibles Tactical Opportunity List Most Preferred -

Feb 25 2025 E.ON Six Ways to Invest in Europe Most Preferred -

Apr 18 2024 Enel EQR-Favored European Defensives Most Preferred -

Dec 06 2024 Enel Eurozone Most Preferred Not Listed

Nov 18 2024 Enel Power and Resources Most Preferred -

Mar 17 2025 Enel SPL - Equity Reverse Convertibles Tactical Opportunity List Most Preferred Not Listed

Mar 05 2025 Enel SPL - Equity Reverse Convertibles Tactical Opportunity List Not Listed Most Preferred

Jan 20 2025 Enel SPL - Equity Reverse Convertibles Tactical Opportunity List Most Preferred Not Listed

Dec 10 2024 Enel SPL - Equity Reverse Convertibles Tactical Opportunity List Not Listed Most Preferred

Nov 12 2024 Enel SPL - Equity Reverse Convertibles Tactical Opportunity List Most Preferred Not Listed

Jul 09 2024 Enel SPL - Equity Reverse Convertibles Tactical Opportunity List Not Listed Most Preferred

1636319_af80ac6a-7440-4c7a-99bd-44c80da08ed0.pdf



12 month rating history

Release date Company name Equity Preference List Current selection Previous selection

Jun 25 2024 Enel SPL - Equity Reverse Convertibles Tactical Opportunity List Most Preferred -

Jan 13 2025 Erste Bank European Banks Most Preferred Not Listed

Oct 08 2024 Erste Bank European Small & Mid caps Most Preferred -

Feb 25 2025 Erste Bank Six Ways to Invest in Europe Most Preferred -

Oct 08 2024 Heidelberg Materials European Small & Mid caps Most Preferred -

Mar 17 2025 Heidelberg Materials SPL - Equity Reverse Convertibles Tactical Opportunity List Most Preferred Not Listed

Jun 11 2024 Heidelberg Materials SPL - Equity Reverse Convertibles Tactical Opportunity List Not Listed Most Preferred

May 28 2024 Heidelberg Materials SPL - Equity Reverse Convertibles Tactical Opportunity List Most Preferred Not Listed

May 03 2024 Heidelberg Materials SPL - Equity Reverse Convertibles Tactical Opportunity List Not Listed Most Preferred

Feb 25 2025 Heidelberg Materials Six Ways to Invest in Europe Most Preferred -

Jan 23 2025 Inditex SA Eurozone Not Listed Most Preferred

Jan 20 2025 Inditex SA SPL - Equity Reverse Convertibles Tactical Opportunity List Not Listed Most Preferred

Dec 10 2024 Inditex SA SPL - Equity Reverse Convertibles Tactical Opportunity List Most Preferred Not Listed

Nov 12 2024 Inditex SA SPL - Equity Reverse Convertibles Tactical Opportunity List Not Listed Most Preferred

Sep 18 2024 Inditex SA SPL - Equity Reverse Convertibles Tactical Opportunity List Most Preferred Not Listed

Jul 23 2024 Inditex SA SPL - Equity Reverse Convertibles Tactical Opportunity List Not Listed Most Preferred

Jul 09 2024 Inditex SA SPL - Equity Reverse Convertibles Tactical Opportunity List Most Preferred Not Listed

Jun 25 2024 Inditex SA SPL - Equity Reverse Convertibles Tactical Opportunity List Not Listed Most Preferred

May 28 2024 Inditex SA SPL - Equity Reverse Convertibles Tactical Opportunity List Most Preferred Not Listed

Feb 25 2025 Inditex SA Six Ways to Invest in Europe Most Preferred -

Aug 09 2024 Infineon Technologies AG Asia’s new mobility Not Listed Most Preferred

Sep 03 2024 Infineon Technologies AG Eurozone Most Preferred -

Feb 25 2025 Infineon Technologies AG Six Ways to Invest in Europe Most Preferred -

Mar 20 2025 Leonardo European Small & Mid caps Most Preferred -

Mar 20 2025 Leonardo Six Ways to Invest in Europe Most Preferred -

Dec 12 2024 Lindt & Spruengli European Consumer Staples Most Preferred Not Listed

Mar 05 2025 Lindt & Spruengli SPL - Equity Reverse Convertibles Tactical Opportunity List Most Preferred -

Feb 25 2025 Lindt & Spruengli Six Ways to Invest in Europe Most Preferred -

Dec 12 2024 Lindt & Spruengli Swiss high quality dividends Most Preferred Not Listed

Dec 12 2024 Lindt & Spruengli Switzerland Most Preferred Not Listed

Jun 06 2024 Lonza Group AG 30 for '30 Most Preferred -

Nov 28 2024 Lonza Group AG EQR-Swiss credit easing beneficiaries Most Preferred -

Mar 26 2025 Lonza Group AG European Healthcare Most Preferred -

Jan 20 2025 Lonza Group AG SPL - Equity Reverse Convertibles Tactical Opportunity List Not Listed Most Preferred

Dec 10 2024 Lonza Group AG SPL - Equity Reverse Convertibles Tactical Opportunity List Most Preferred Not Listed

Feb 25 2025 Lonza Group AG Six Ways to Invest in Europe Most Preferred -

Nov 20 2024 REXEL SA European Greentech Most Preferred Not Listed

Nov 18 2024 REXEL SA Power and Resources Most Preferred -

Mar 05 2025 REXEL SA SPL - Equity Reverse Convertibles Tactical Opportunity List Most Preferred Not Listed

Jan 20 2025 REXEL SA SPL - Equity Reverse Convertibles Tactical Opportunity List Not Listed Most Preferred

Dec 02 2024 REXEL SA SPL - Equity Reverse Convertibles Tactical Opportunity List Most Preferred -

Feb 25 2025 REXEL SA Six Ways to Invest in Europe Most Preferred -

Feb 18 2025 Rheinmetall European Industrials Most Preferred Not Listed

Feb 18 2025 Rheinmetall Germany Most Preferred Not Listed

Mar 17 2025 Rheinmetall SPL - Equity Reverse Convertibles Tactical Opportunity List Most Preferred -

Feb 25 2025 Rheinmetall Six Ways to Invest in Europe Most Preferred -

Jul 24 2024 Ryanair European Industrials Not Listed Most Preferred

Jul 24 2024 Ryanair Eurozone Not Listed Most Preferred

Jul 24 2024 Ryanair Global top list Not Listed Most Preferred

Feb 25 2025 Ryanair Six Ways to Invest in Europe Most Preferred -

Nov 18 2024 Schneider Electric Power and Resources Most Preferred -

Nov 12 2024 Schneider Electric SPL - Equity Reverse Convertibles Tactical Opportunity List Not Listed Most Preferred

Sep 06 2024 Schneider Electric SPL - Equity Reverse Convertibles Tactical Opportunity List Most Preferred -

Mar 13 2025 Schneider Electric Six Ways to Invest in Europe Most Preferred -

Nov 20 2024 Siemens European Greentech Most Preferred Not Listed

Aug 30 2024 Siemens European Greentech Not Listed Most Preferred

Sep 03 2024 Siemens Eurozone Most Preferred Not Listed

Nov 18 2024 Siemens Power and Resources Most Preferred -

Mar 17 2025 Siemens SPL - Equity Reverse Convertibles Tactical Opportunity List Not Listed Most Preferred

1636319_af80ac6a-7440-4c7a-99bd-44c80da08ed0.pdf



12 month rating history

Release date Company name Equity Preference List Current selection Previous selection

Dec 02 2024 Siemens SPL - Equity Reverse Convertibles Tactical Opportunity List Most Preferred Not Listed

Nov 12 2024 Siemens SPL - Equity Reverse Convertibles Tactical Opportunity List Not Listed Most Preferred

Sep 06 2024 Siemens SPL - Equity Reverse Convertibles Tactical Opportunity List Most Preferred Not Listed

Feb 25 2025 Siemens Six Ways to Invest in Europe Most Preferred -

Mar 28 2025 Sika AG EQR-Swiss credit easing beneficiaries Not Listed Most Preferred

Mar 04 2025 Sika AG EQR-Swiss credit easing beneficiaries Most Preferred Not Listed

Aug 14 2024 Sika AG EQR-Swiss credit easing beneficiaries Not Listed Most Preferred

Jun 03 2024 Sika AG EQR-Swiss credit easing beneficiaries Most Preferred -

Mar 17 2025 Sika AG SPL - Equity Reverse Convertibles Tactical Opportunity List Most Preferred Not Listed

Aug 14 2024 Sika AG SPL - Equity Reverse Convertibles Tactical Opportunity List Not Listed Most Preferred

Jun 11 2024 Sika AG SPL - Equity Reverse Convertibles Tactical Opportunity List Most Preferred Not Listed

Apr 18 2024 Sika AG SPL - Equity Reverse Convertibles Tactical Opportunity List Not Listed Most Preferred

Feb 25 2025 Sika AG Six Ways to Invest in Europe Most Preferred -

Mar 06 2025 Sika AG Swiss high quality dividends Most Preferred -

Feb 25 2025 Sika AG Switzerland Most Preferred Not Listed

Jul 11 2024 Vinci EQR-Total return top picks Most Preferred -

Aug 06 2024 Vinci European Greentech Most Preferred Not Listed

Jun 11 2024 Vinci European Greentech Not Listed Most Preferred

Jan 23 2025 Vinci Eurozone Most Preferred Not Listed

Mar 05 2025 Vinci SPL - Equity Reverse Convertibles Tactical Opportunity List Most Preferred Not Listed

Dec 10 2024 Vinci SPL - Equity Reverse Convertibles Tactical Opportunity List Not Listed Most Preferred

Nov 12 2024 Vinci SPL - Equity Reverse Convertibles Tactical Opportunity List Most Preferred Not Listed

Sep 06 2024 Vinci SPL - Equity Reverse Convertibles Tactical Opportunity List Not Listed Most Preferred

Jul 23 2024 Vinci SPL - Equity Reverse Convertibles Tactical Opportunity List Most Preferred Not Listed

Sep 12 2024 Vonovia 30 for '30 Most Preferred -

Oct 17 2024 Vonovia Attractive outlook for residential real estate Most Preferred -

Nov 20 2024 Vonovia European Greentech Not Listed Most Preferred

Sep 10 2024 Vonovia European Greentech Most Preferred Not Listed

Sep 10 2024 Vonovia Germany Most Preferred Not Listed

Jul 26 2024 Vonovia Germany Not Listed Most Preferred

Nov 12 2024 Vonovia SPL - Equity Reverse Convertibles Tactical Opportunity List Not Listed Most Preferred

Oct 15 2024 Vonovia SPL - Equity Reverse Convertibles Tactical Opportunity List Most Preferred Not Listed

Feb 25 2025 Vonovia Six Ways to Invest in Europe Most Preferred -

1636319_af80ac6a-7440-4c7a-99bd-44c80da08ed0.pdf



European equities

Appendix

Required Disclosures

Company/Country Disclosures   (4 April 2025)

Within the past 12 months UBS AG, its affiliates or subsidiaries may have received or provided investment services and
activities or ancillary services as per MiFID II which may have given rise to a payment or promise of a payment in relation to
these services from or to each company mentioned in the publication.

Accor 1, 2, Allianz 1, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, AstraZeneca 1, 11, BAE SYSTEMS 1, 8, BASF SE 1, 3, 4, 8, 12, BAWAG Group 1,
5, 6, 8, Barclays PLC 1, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 10, 11, Deutsche Telekom 1, 6, 8, 10, E.ON 1, Enel 1, 2, 6, 8, 10, 12, Erste Bank 1, 3,
4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 13, Heidelberg Materials 1, 14, Inditex SA 1, Infineon Technologies AG 1, Leonardo 1, 6, Lindt & Spruengli 1,
5, 6, 7, 8, 15; Lonza Group AG 1, 2, 5, 6, 7, 8, 15; REXEL SA 1, Rheinmetall 1, Ryanair 1, 11, Schneider Electric 1, Siemens
1, 3, 5, 6, 7, 8, Sika AG 1, 5, 6, 7, 15; Vinci 1, Vonovia 1, 5, 6, 7, 12,

1. UBS holds a long or short position of 0.5% or more of the listed shares of this company.
2. The UBS Wealth Management strategist, a member of his or her team, or one of their household members has a long
common stock position in this company.
3. This company/entity is, or within the past 12 months has been, a client of UBS Securities LLC, and non-investment banking
securities-related services are being, or have been, provided.
4. This company/entity is, or within the past 12 months has been, a client of UBS Securities LLC, and non-securities services
are being, or have been, provided.
5. UBS has acted as manager/co-manager in the underwriting or placement of securities of this company/entity or one of
its affiliates within the past 12 months.
6. Within the past 12 months, UBS has received compensation for investment banking services from this company/entity
or one of its affiliates.
7. UBS expects to receive or intend to seek compensation for investment banking services from this company/entity within
the next three months.
8. Within the past 12 months, UBS has received compensation for products and services other than investment banking
services from this company/entity.
9. This company/entity is, or within the past 12 months has been, a client of UBS Financial Services Inc, and non-investment
banking securities-related services are being, or have been, provided.
10. This company/entity is, or within the past 12 months has been, a client of UBS Securities LLC, and investment banking
services are being, or have been, provided.
11. UBS Securities LLC makes a market in the securities and/or ADRs of this company.
12. UBS beneficially owned 1% or more of a class of this company's common equity securities as of last month's end (or
the prior month's end if this report is dated less than 10 days after the most recent month's end).
13. UBS Europe SE is acting as Tender Agent on the announced Cash Tender offer for Erste Group Bank AG
14. UBS Australia is advising Cement Australia and its shareholders, Holcim Australia and Heidelberg Materials Australia, to
acquire the cementitious division of Buckeridge Group of Companies (BGC) and will receive a fee for acting in this capacity.
Holcim Australia is a subsidiary of Holcim Ltd and Heidelberg Materials Australia is a subsidiary of Heidelberg Materials AG.
15. UBS Fund Management (Switzerland) AG beneficially owns more than 5% of the total issued share capital of this
company.

Contact
If you require information on UBS Chief Investment Office GWM, its research publications, ratings histories and UBS
disclosures with regard to financial instruments and/or issuers, please contact the mailbox ubs-cio-wm@ubs.com (note that
e-mail communication is unsecured) or contact your client advisor for assistance.

Frequency of updates
Equity recommendation lists can be updated on a daily basis, and are refreshed whenever there is a material change.
Risk views on bond issuers and instruments are affirmed sporadically and changed ad hoc, subject to market
developments.

Producers, disseminators and their competent authorities
This publication has been produced and/or disseminated to you by the UBS Group entity, inclusive of former Credit Suisse
AG, its subsidiaries, affiliates, and branches, you have a banking relationship with. The full name of the producing and/or
disseminating entity and its competent authority can be found below.
UBS AG Australia Branch is supervised by the Australian Prudential Regulation Authority. UBS SuMi TRUST Wealth
Management Co., Ltd. is regulated by the Financial Services Agency (FSA). UBS AG Singapore Branch is regulated

8



European equities

by the Monetary Authority of Singapore (MAS). UBS Securities Co. Limited is licensed to conduct securities investment
consultancy businesses by the China Securities Regulatory Commission. UBS AG Hong Kong Branch is regulated
by the Securities and Futures Commission (Hong Kong) and the Hong Kong Monetary Authority (HKMA). UBS AG
Taipei Branch is authorized and regulated by the Financial Supervisory Commission (FSC) of the Republic of China
(Taiwan). UBS Securities India Private Limited is registered with and regulated by the Securities and Exchange Board
of India (SEBI). UBS Switzerland AG is regulated by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority (FINMA). UBS
Europe SE, Germany, is duly authorized by the European Central Bank (ECB), and supervised by the ECB, the German
Central Bank (Deutsche Bundesbank) and the German Federal Financial Services Supervisory Authority (Bundesanstalt für
Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht). UBS Europe SE, Luxembourg Branch (UBS LUX) is a branch of UBS Europe SE, a credit
institution constituted under German law, duly authorized by the German Federal Financial Services Supervisory Authority
(Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht – “BaFin”) and subject to the joint prudential supervision of BaFin, the
German Central Bank (Deutsche Bundesbank) and the European Central Bank (ECB). UBS LUX is furthermore supervised
by the Luxembourg prudential supervisory authority (Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier), in its role as host
member state authority. UBS Europe SE, Succursale Italia is subject to the joint supervision of the European Central
Bank (ECB), the German Central Bank (Deutsche Bundesbank), the German Federal Financial Services Supervisory Authority
(Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht), as well as of the Bank of Italy (Banca d’Italia) and the Italian Financial
Markets Supervisory Authority (Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa – CONSOB). UBS AG Sucursal en España
is authorized by the Banco de España. UBS Europe SE, Denmark Branch, filial af UBS Europe SE is subject to the
joint supervision of the European Central Bank (ECB), the German Central Bank (Deutsche Bundesbank), the German
Federal Financial Services Supervisory Authority (Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht), as well as of the Danish
Financial Supervisory Authority (Finanstilsynet). UBS Europe SE, Sweden Bankfilial is subject to the joint supervision of
the European Central Bank (ECB), the German Central bank (Deutsche Bundesbank), the German Federal Financial Services
Supervisory Authority (Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht), as well as of the Swedish supervisory authority
(Finansinspektionen). UBS Europe SE Succursale de France is subject to the joint supervision of the European Central
Bank, the German Central Bank (Deutsche Bundesbank), the German Federal Financial Services Supervisory Authority
(Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht), as well as of the French "Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution"
and "Autorité des marchés financiers". UBS (Monaco) S.A. operates under a banking license granted by the “Autorité de
Contrôle Prudentiel et de Résolution” (ACPR) and the Monegasque government and is also licensed by the “Commission de
Contrôle des Activités Financières” (CCAF) to provide investment services in Monaco. UBS AG London Branch is regulated
by the Prudential Regulatory Authority (PRA) and the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA). UBS AG Jersey Branch is regulated
and authorized by the Jersey Financial Services Commission for the conduct of banking, funds and investment business.
In Israel, UBS Switzerland AG is registered as Foreign Dealer in cooperation with UBS Wealth Management Israel Ltd., a
wholly owned UBS subsidiary. UBS Wealth Management Israel Ltd. is an Investment Marketing licensee which engages
in Investment Marketing and is regulated by the Israel Securities Authority. UBS AG Bahrain Branch is authorized and
regulated by the Central Bank of Bahrain. UBS AG Dubai Branch is licensed in the Dubai International Financial Centre
(DIFC) by the Dubai Financial Services Authority (DFSA) as an authorised firm. UBS Qatar LLC is authorized by the Qatar
Financial Centre Regulatory Authority. UBS Saudi Arabia is authorised and regulated by the Capital Market Authority to
conduct securities business under licence number 08113-37. UBS Brasil Administradora de Valores Mobiliários Ltda.
is regulated by Comissão de Valores Mobiliários. UBS Asesores México, S.A. de C.V. is regulated by Comisión Nacional
Bancaria y de Valores (CNBV). UBS Financial Services Inc. is registered as a broker-dealer with the Securities and Exchange
Commission (SEC), a futures commission merchant with the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) and the National
Futures Association and is a member of various exchanges and the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA).
Credit Suisse (Brasil) S.A. Corretora de Títulos e Valores Mobiliários is supervised by the Central Bank of Brazil
and the Brazilian Securities Commission (CVM). Credit Suisse Securities (Japan) Limited is supervised by the Financial
Services Agency (FSA). C. Suisse Asesoría México, S.A. de C.V. is subject to the supervision of the National Banking
and Securities Commission. Credit Suisse (Qatar) L.L.C. is duly authorized and regulated by the Qatar Financial Centre
Regulatory Authority (QFCRA). Credit Suisse Saudi Arabia is duly licensed and regulated by the Saudi Arabian Capital
Market Authority. Credit Suisse (UK) Limited is registered as a financial services provider with the Financial Sector Conduct
Authority in South Africa. Credit Suisse Istanbul Menkul Degerler Anonim Sirketi is regulated by the Capital Markets
Board of Turkey. Credit Suisse (UK) Limited is authorized by the Prudential Regulation Authority and regulated by the
Financial Conduct Authority and the Prudential Regulation Authority.

Equity selection system

UBS CIO GWM equity selection system
We provide two equity selections: Most Preferred (MP) and Least Preferred (LP).

9



European equities

Most preferred
We expect the stock to outperform the benchmark in the next 12 months.
Least preferred
We expect the stock to underperform the benchmark in the next 12 months.
Suspended
Sometimes legal, regulatory, contractual or best-business-practice obligations restrict us from issuing research on a company.
This situation normally stems from UBS Investment Bank's involvement in an investment banking transaction associated with
that company.

Global asset class preferences definitions
The asset class preferences provide high-level guidance to make investment decisions. The preferences reflect the collective
judgement of the members of the House View meeting, primarily based on assessments of expected total returns on liquid,
commonly known stock indexes, House View scenarios, and analyst convictions over the next 12 months. Note that the
tactical asset allocation (TAA) positioning of our different investment strategies may differ from these views due to factors
including portfolio construction, concentration, and borrowing constraints.
1. Most attractive – We consider this asset class to be among the most attractive. Investors should seek opportunities to

add exposure.

2. Attractive – We consider this asset class to be attractive. Consider opportunities in this asset class.

3. Neutral – We do not expect outsized returns or losses. Hold longer-term exposure.

4. Unattractive – We consider this asset class to be unattractive. Consider alternative opportunities.

5. Least attractive – We consider this asset class to be among the least attractive. Seek more favorable alternative
opportunities

Equity selection: An assessment relative to a benchmark
Equity selections in Equity Preferences lists (EPLs) are assessments made relative to a sector/industry, country/regional or
thematic benchmark. The chosen benchmark is disclosed on the front page of each EPL. It is also used to measure the
performance of the EPL owner(s). Including a stock in the EPL constitutes neither a view on its expected, standalone absolute
performance nor a price target. Rather, EPLs are meant to support the UBS House View, with the stocks included in them
selected for their superior risk/return profiles.
Our selection is based on an assessment of the company's fundamental outlook and valuation, the risks owning the stock
entails, including material sustainability risks and the diversification benefits it provides in an investment portfolio, among
many other factors. UBS GWM CIO‘s selection methodology enables wealth management clients to invest in a specific
investment theme or focus on a sector/industry or country/region.
The lead strategist is responsible for the CIO view on a stock, while the EPL owner(s) is/are responsible for the stock selection
within an EPL. Stocks can be selected for multiple EPLs. For consistency's sake, a stock can only be selected as either Most
Preferred or Least Preferred, not both simultaneously. As EPL benchmarks differ, stocks do not need to be included on every
list to which they could theoretically be added.
Only stock views prepared by UBS Financial Services Inc. (UBS FS) which are compatible with the above equity selection
system are provided. A stock cannot be selected as Most Preferred if it is rated Sell by UBS Investment Bank, while a Buy-
rated stock by UBS Investment Bank cannot be selected as Least Preferred.
For more information about our present and past recommendations, please contact ubs-cio-wm@ubs.com

Statement of Risk
Equities - Stock market returns are difficult to forecast because of fluctuations in the economy, investor psychology,
geopolitical conditions and other important variables.

Current UBS CIO global rating distribution (as of last month-end)

Least Preferred 1% . . . .

Most Preferred 99% . . . .

Risk information

UBS Chief Investment Office's ("CIO") investment views are prepared and published by the Global Wealth Management
business of UBS Switzerland AG (regulated by FINMA in Switzerland) or its affiliates ("UBS"), part of UBS Group AG ("UBS
Group"). UBS Group includes former Credit Suisse AG, its subsidiaries, branches and affiliates. Additional disclaimer relevant
to Credit Suisse Wealth Management follows at the end of this section.

10

mailto:ubs-cio-wm@ubs.com


European equities

Risk information
The investment views have been prepared in accordance with legal requirements designed to promote the independence
of investment research.
Instrument/issuer-specific investment research – Risk information:
This publication is for your information only and is not intended as an offer, or a solicitation of an offer, to buy or sell
any investment or other specific product. The analysis contained herein does not constitute a personal recommendation or
take into account the particular investment objectives, investment strategies, financial situation and needs of any specific
recipient. It is based on numerous assumptions. Different assumptions could result in materially different results. Certain
services and products are subject to legal restrictions and cannot be offered worldwide on an unrestricted basis and/or may
not be eligible for sale to all investors. All information and opinions expressed in this document were obtained from sources
believed to be reliable and in good faith, but no representation or warranty, express or implied, is made as to its accuracy or
completeness (other than disclosures relating to UBS). All information and opinions as well as any forecasts, estimates and
market prices indicated are current as of the date of this report, and are subject to change without notice. This publication
is not intended to be a complete statement or summary of the securities, markets or developments referred to in the report.
Opinions expressed herein may differ or be contrary to those expressed by other business areas or divisions of UBS as a result
of using different assumptions and/or criteria. UBS may utilise artificial intelligence tools (“AI Tools”) in the preparation of
this document. Notwithstanding any such use of AI Tools, this document has undergone human review.
In no circumstances may this document or any of the information (including any forecast, value, index or other calculated
amount ("Values")) be used for any of the following purposes (i) valuation or accounting purposes; (ii) to determine the
amounts due or payable, the price or the value of any financial instrument or financial contract; or (iii) to measure the
performance of any financial instrument including, without limitation, for the purpose of tracking the return or performance
of any Value or of defining the asset allocation of portfolio or of computing performance fees. By receiving this document
and the information you will be deemed to represent and warrant to UBS that you will not use this document or otherwise
rely on any of the information for any of the above purposes. UBS and any of its directors or employees may be entitled at
any time to hold long or short positions in investment instruments referred to herein, carry out transactions involving relevant
investment instruments in the capacity of principal or agent, or provide any other services or have officers, who serve as
directors, either to/for the issuer, the investment instrument itself or to/for any company commercially or financially affiliated
to such issuers. At any time, investment decisions (including whether to buy, sell or hold securities) made by UBS and its
employees may differ from or be contrary to the opinions expressed in UBS research publications. Some investments may not
be readily realizable since the market in the securities is illiquid and therefore valuing the investment and identifying the risk
to which you are exposed may be difficult to quantify. UBS relies on information barriers to control the flow of information
contained in one or more areas within UBS, into other areas, units, divisions or affiliates of UBS. Futures and options trading
is not suitable for every investor as there is a substantial risk of loss, and losses in excess of an initial investment may occur.
Past performance of an investment is no guarantee for its future performance. Additional information will be made available
upon request. Some investments may be subject to sudden and large falls in value and on realization you may receive back
less than you invested or may be required to pay more. Changes in foreign exchange rates may have an adverse effect on
the price, value or income of an investment. The analyst(s) responsible for the preparation of this report may interact with
trading desk personnel, sales personnel and other constituencies for the purpose of gathering, synthesizing and interpreting
market information.
Different areas, groups, and personnel within UBS Group may produce and distribute separate research products
independently of each other. For example, research publications from CIO are produced by UBS Global Wealth
Management. UBS Global Research is produced by UBS Investment Bank. Research methodologies and rating systems
of each separate research organization may differ, for example, in terms of investment recommendations, investment
horizon, model assumptions, and valuation methods. As a consequence, except for certain economic forecasts (for which
UBS CIO and UBS Global Research may collaborate), investment recommendations, ratings, price targets, and valuations
provided by each of the separate research organizations may be different, or inconsistent. You should refer to each relevant
research product for the details as to their methodologies and rating system. Not all clients may have access to all products
from every organization. Each research product is subject to the policies and procedures of the organization that produces it.
The compensation of the analyst(s) who prepared this report is determined exclusively by research management and senior
management (not including investment banking). Analyst compensation is not based on investment banking, sales and
trading or principal trading revenues, however, compensation may relate to the revenues of UBS Group as a whole, of which
investment banking, sales and trading and principal trading are a part.
Tax treatment depends on the individual circumstances and may be subject to change in the future. UBS does not provide
legal or tax advice and makes no representations as to the tax treatment of assets or the investment returns thereon both in
general or with reference to specific client's circumstances and needs. We are of necessity unable to take into account the
particular investment objectives, financial situation and needs of our individual clients and we would recommend that you
take financial and/or tax advice as to the implications (including tax) of investing in any of the products mentioned herein.

11



European equities

Risk information
This material may not be reproduced or copies circulated without prior authority of UBS. Unless otherwise agreed in writing
UBS expressly prohibits the distribution and transfer of this material to third parties for any reason. UBS accepts no liability
whatsoever for any claims or lawsuits from any third parties arising from the use or distribution of this material. This report
is for distribution only under such circumstances as may be permitted by applicable law. For information on the ways in
which CIO manages conflicts and maintains independence of its investment views and publication offering, and research
and rating methodologies, please visit www.ubs.com/research-methodology. Additional information on the relevant authors
of this publication and other CIO publication(s) referenced in this report; and copies of any past reports on this topic; are
available upon request from your client advisor.
Options and futures are not suitable for all investors, and trading in these instruments is considered risky and may be
appropriate only for sophisticated investors. Prior to buying or selling an option, and for the complete risks relating to options,
you must receive a copy of "Characteristics and Risks of Standardized Options". You may read the document at https://
www.theocc.com/about/publications/character-risks.jsp or ask your financial advisor for a copy.
Investing in structured investments involves significant risks. For a detailed discussion of the risks involved in investing in any
particular structured investment, you must read the relevant offering materials for that investment. Structured investments
are unsecured obligations of a particular issuer with returns linked to the performance of an underlying asset. Depending on
the terms of the investment, investors could lose all or a substantial portion of their investment based on the performance
of the underlying asset. Investors could also lose their entire investment if the issuer becomes insolvent. UBS does not
guarantee in any way the obligations or the financial condition of any issuer or the accuracy of any financial information
provided by any issuer. Structured investments are not traditional investments and investing in a structured investment is not
equivalent to investing directly in the underlying asset. Structured investments may have limited or no liquidity, and investors
should be prepared to hold their investment to maturity. The return of structured investments may be limited by a maximum
gain, participation rate or other feature. Structured investments may include call features and, if a structured investment is
called early, investors would not earn any further return and may not be able to reinvest in similar investments with similar
terms. Structured investments include costs and fees which are generally embedded in the price of the investment. The tax
treatment of a structured investment may be complex and may differ from a direct investment in the underlying asset. UBS
and its employees do not provide tax advice. Investors should consult their own tax advisor about their own tax situation
before investing in any securities.
Important Information About Sustainable Investing Strategies: Sustainable investing strategies aim to consider and
incorporate environmental, social and governance (ESG) factors into investment process and portfolio construction. Strategies
across geographies approach ESG analysis and incorporate the findings in a variety of ways. Incorporating ESG factors or
Sustainable Investing considerations may inhibit UBS’s ability to participate in or to advise on certain investment opportunities
that otherwise would be consistent with the Client’s investment objectives. The returns on a portfolio incorporating ESG
factors or Sustainable Investing considerations may be lower or higher than portfolios where ESG factors, exclusions, or other
sustainability issues are not considered by UBS, and the investment opportunities available to such portfolios may differ.
External Asset Managers / External Financial Consultants: In case this research or publication is provided to an External
Asset Manager or an External Financial Consultant, UBS expressly prohibits that it is redistributed by the External Asset
Manager or the External Financial Consultant and is made available to their clients and/or third parties.
USA: This document is not intended for distribution into the US and / or to US persons.
For information on the ways in which UBS Securities LLC manages conflicts and maintains independence of its UBS
Global Research product; historical performance information; certain additional disclosures concerning UBS Global Research
recommendations; and terms and conditions for certain third party data used in research report, please visit https://
www.ubs.com/disclosures.
For country information, please visit ubs.com/cio-country-disclaimer-sr or ask your client advisor for the full disclaimer.
Additional Disclaimer relevant to Credit Suisse Wealth Management
You receive this document in your capacity as a client of Credit Suisse Wealth Management. Your personal data will be
processed in accordance with the Credit Suisse privacy statement accessible at your domicile through the official Credit
Suisse website . In order to provide you with marketing materials concerning our products and services, UBS Group AG
and its subsidiaries may process your basic personal data (i.e. contact details such as name, e-mail address) until you notify
us that you no longer wish to receive them. You can optout from receiving these materials at any time by informing your
Relationship Manager.
Except as otherwise specified herein and/or depending on the local Credit Suisse entity from which you are receiving this
report, this report is distributed by UBS Switzerland AG, authorised and regulated by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory
Authority (FINMA).
Version A/2025. CIO82652744
© UBS 2025. The key symbol and UBS are among the registered and unregistered trademarks of UBS. All rights reserved.

12

http://www.ubs.com/research-methodology
https://www.theocc.com/about/publications/character-risks.jsp
https://www.theocc.com/about/publications/character-risks.jsp
https://www.ubs.com/global/en/wealthmanagement/insights/chief-investment-office/country-disclaimer-sr.html

