
8 April 2025, 14:34 BST
Chief Investment Office GWM
Investment Research

Signal over noise #6: High stakes
Global equity strategy
 
 Author: Ulrike Hoffmann-Burchardi, Head CIO Global Equities, UBS Financial Services Inc. (UBS FS)

• The higher-than-expected tariff measures
announced on 2 April will raise the effective tariff
rate on US imports to its highest level in at least
100 years, posing significant risks to import-reliant
businesses and the broader economy.

• We maintain a Neutral view on equities overall,
but see index-buying opportunities if the S&P 500
declines an additional 5-10%—a level at which we
would expect the Fed to lower interest to support
markets.

• However, a market bottom will likely only
materialize when tariff negotiations shift to de-
escalation.

 
The higher-than-expected tariff announcements on 2 April
raised the stakes for the global economy. With the
announced headline "reciprocal" tariffs reaching up to 46%
for the US's trading partners (see Table 1), there is no longer
a release valve for US businesses that rely on global imports.
The choice now is higher prices or lower profits, neither of
which is beneficial to economic growth. What started as a
playbook from the Art of the Deal has now morphed into a
high-stakes, multi-dimensional power game with significant
tail risks on all sides.

Table 1 - Announced import duties: no more
exhaust valve for US importers
Estimated tariff impact on select economies

Source: US ITC DataWeb, Goldman Sachs, Trade Partnership Worldwide,
UBS estimates
Note: To calculate the effective "reciprocal" tariff rate based on the stated exclusions in the
2 April executive order, we excluded pharmaceuticals, semiconductors, copper, gold, steel,
aluminum, steel & aluminum derivative products, autos, auto parts, energy, and rare earth
products. While these products may have been excluded under the International Emergency

This report has been prepared by UBS Financial Services Inc. (UBS FS). Please see important disclaimers and
disclosures at the end of the document.



Global equity strategy

Economic Powers Act (IEEPA), trade investigations may yield separate additional tariffs under
Section 232 or Section 301.

2



Global equity strategy

What could drive a turn in the markets? We see three
"puts" that could revive markets, none of which have strikes
close to the S&P 500's current levels: the tariff negotiation
put, the monetary policy (Fed) put, and a fiscal policy put.
Typically, the stock market bottoms after the announcement
of significant monetary or fiscal stimulus (see Table 2).

Table 2 - Fiscal and monetary measures signal the
bottom of stock market downturn

Source: UBS

But neither the monetary nor the fiscal put is imminent,
in our view. Federal Reserve Chair Powell suggested a
"wait and see" stance on the inflationary effects of tariffs
on Friday and is in no rush to adjust interest rates. And
the budget reconciliation process will likely take at least a
few more weeks, if not months. The key to a short-term
market turn will therefore depend on the President Trump’s
stance toward trade negotiations, in our view, and equity
markets will likely go lower until negotiations shift toward
de-escalation.

Here are the signposts that we believe will signal whether
we are headed to a hard or soft landing caused by the trade
negotiations:

Signposts of an escalatory path
• Retaliatory tariffs from China – announced

• Retaliatory tariffs from Europe

• US retaliation to China and European retaliation

• US reiteration of need to recalibrate trade relations

• US wait-and-see approach to tariff offerings from trade
partners

• US adds sector tariffs on pharmaceuticals and
semiconductors

Signposts of de-escalation:
• Announcing multiple deals with important partners

(e.g., Vietnam, India, Cambodia)

• Pushing out the timeline for tariff imposition from 9
April

• Signaling openness to negotiate select tariffs and
exemptions, especially for goods with no substitutes

• Constructive negotiations with the EU to lower
reciprocal tariffs

There will likely be conflicting signals between the two
paths. A possible outcome is a new equity market low after
EU retaliation, which may trigger a more conciliatory stance
toward tariff resolution. With the average stock downturn
during recessionary periods lasting more than one year (see
Table 3), an escalatory path risks a political backlash that
affects the Republican Party's results during the midterm
elections in November 2026. We hence anticipate de-
escalatory trade rhetoric with trade concessions following
further equity market downside.

Also, after the S&P 500's drawdown approached 15% in
2018, the Fed pivoted its policy stance by lowering its
projected path for future rate hikes. This time, we think
the Fed is more likely to spring into action when the S&P's
decline from the peak is closer to 25%—a level typically
associated with recessionary periods—given that current
inflationary risks are higher than they were in 2018. So,
while we currently hold a Neutral stance on equities overall,
we think another 5-10% drop in the S&P could trigger the
Fed put, leading to a short-term market rebound.

However, we believe the put that will cement the market
bottom is a clear shift in tariff rhetoric toward de-escalation
and lower tariffs from 2 April levels. Without this shift,
persistent and highly aggressive tariffs would likely lead
to a sharp decline in consumer spending and business
investment, pushing the market closer to our downside
scenario and the S&P 500 toward the 4,000 mark (see
“What are some key levels to watch” in our recent CIO
Alert).

3

https://secure.ubs.com/public/api/v2/investment-content/documents/7wxcWN14Ilm1_LzKz2i0lQ?apikey=1AS8wxGGWLjxy6J92ees52Uz5ZrWmy6m
https://secure.ubs.com/public/api/v2/investment-content/documents/7wxcWN14Ilm1_LzKz2i0lQ?apikey=1AS8wxGGWLjxy6J92ees52Uz5ZrWmy6m


Global equity strategy

Table 3 - Stock market performance during past
recessions

Source: NBER Business Cycle Dating, Refinitiv, UBS

4



Global equity strategy

Appendix

Risk information
UBS Chief Investment Office's ("CIO") investment views are prepared and published by the Global Wealth Management
business of UBS Switzerland AG (regulated by FINMA in Switzerland) or its affiliates ("UBS"), part of UBS Group AG ("UBS
Group"). UBS Group includes former Credit Suisse AG, its subsidiaries, branches and affiliates. Additional disclaimer relevant
to Credit Suisse Wealth Management follows at the end of this section.
The investment views have been prepared in accordance with legal requirements designed to promote the independence
of investment research.
Generic investment research – Risk information:
This publication is for your information only and is not intended as an offer, or a solicitation of an offer, to buy or sell
any investment or other specific product. The analysis contained herein does not constitute a personal recommendation or
take into account the particular investment objectives, investment strategies, financial situation and needs of any specific
recipient. It is based on numerous assumptions. Different assumptions could result in materially different results. Certain
services and products are subject to legal restrictions and cannot be offered worldwide on an unrestricted basis and/or may
not be eligible for sale to all investors. All information and opinions expressed in this document were obtained from sources
believed to be reliable and in good faith, but no representation or warranty, express or implied, is made as to its accuracy
or completeness (other than disclosures relating to UBS). All information and opinions as well as any forecasts, estimates
and market prices indicated are current as of the date of this report, and are subject to change without notice. Opinions
expressed herein may differ or be contrary to those expressed by other business areas or divisions of UBS as a result of
using different assumptions and/or criteria. UBS may utilise artificial intelligence tools (“AI Tools”) in the preparation of this
document. Notwithstanding any such use of AI Tools, this document has undergone human review.
In no circumstances may this document or any of the information (including any forecast, value, index or other calculated
amount ("Values")) be used for any of the following purposes (i) valuation or accounting purposes; (ii) to determine the
amounts due or payable, the price or the value of any financial instrument or financial contract; or (iii) to measure the
performance of any financial instrument including, without limitation, for the purpose of tracking the return or performance
of any Value or of defining the asset allocation of portfolio or of computing performance fees. By receiving this document
and the information you will be deemed to represent and warrant to UBS that you will not use this document or otherwise
rely on any of the information for any of the above purposes. UBS and any of its directors or employees may be entitled at
any time to hold long or short positions in investment instruments referred to herein, carry out transactions involving relevant
investment instruments in the capacity of principal or agent, or provide any other services or have officers, who serve as
directors, either to/for the issuer, the investment instrument itself or to/for any company commercially or financially affiliated
to such issuers. At any time, investment decisions (including whether to buy, sell or hold securities) made by UBS and its
employees may differ from or be contrary to the opinions expressed in UBS research publications. Some investments may not
be readily realizable since the market in the securities is illiquid and therefore valuing the investment and identifying the risk
to which you are exposed may be difficult to quantify. UBS relies on information barriers to control the flow of information
contained in one or more areas within UBS, into other areas, units, divisions or affiliates of UBS. Futures and options trading
is not suitable for every investor as there is a substantial risk of loss, and losses in excess of an initial investment may occur.
Past performance of an investment is no guarantee for its future performance. Additional information will be made available
upon request. Some investments may be subject to sudden and large falls in value and on realization you may receive back
less than you invested or may be required to pay more. Changes in foreign exchange rates may have an adverse effect on
the price, value or income of an investment. The analyst(s) responsible for the preparation of this report may interact with
trading desk personnel, sales personnel and other constituencies for the purpose of gathering, synthesizing and interpreting
market information.
Different areas, groups, and personnel within UBS Group may produce and distribute separate research products
independently of each other. For example, research publications from CIO are produced by UBS Global Wealth
Management. UBS Global Research is produced by UBS Investment Bank. Research methodologies and rating systems
of each separate research organization may differ, for example, in terms of investment recommendations, investment
horizon, model assumptions, and valuation methods. As a consequence, except for certain economic forecasts (for which
UBS CIO and UBS Global Research may collaborate), investment recommendations, ratings, price targets, and valuations
provided by each of the separate research organizations may be different, or inconsistent. You should refer to each relevant
research product for the details as to their methodologies and rating system. Not all clients may have access to all products
from every organization. Each research product is subject to the policies and procedures of the organization that produces it.
The compensation of the analyst(s) who prepared this report is determined exclusively by research management and senior
management (not including investment banking). Analyst compensation is not based on investment banking, sales and
trading or principal trading revenues, however, compensation may relate to the revenues of UBS Group as a whole, of which
investment banking, sales and trading and principal trading are a part.
Tax treatment depends on the individual circumstances and may be subject to change in the future. UBS does not provide
legal or tax advice and makes no representations as to the tax treatment of assets or the investment returns thereon both in

5



Global equity strategy

general or with reference to specific client's circumstances and needs. We are of necessity unable to take into account the
particular investment objectives, financial situation and needs of our individual clients and we would recommend that you
take financial and/or tax advice as to the implications (including tax) of investing in any of the products mentioned herein.
This material may not be reproduced or copies circulated without prior authority of UBS. Unless otherwise agreed in writing
UBS expressly prohibits the distribution and transfer of this material to third parties for any reason. UBS accepts no liability
whatsoever for any claims or lawsuits from any third parties arising from the use or distribution of this material. This report
is for distribution only under such circumstances as may be permitted by applicable law. For information on the ways in
which CIO manages conflicts and maintains independence of its investment views and publication offering, and research
and rating methodologies, please visit www.ubs.com/research-methodology. Additional information on the relevant authors
of this publication and other CIO publication(s) referenced in this report; and copies of any past reports on this topic; are
available upon request from your client advisor.
Important Information About Sustainable Investing Strategies: Sustainable investing strategies aim to consider
and incorporate environmental, social and governance (ESG) factors into investment process and portfolio construction.
Strategies across geographies approach ESG analysis and incorporate the findings in a variety of ways. Incorporating ESG
factors or Sustainable Investing considerations may inhibit UBS’s ability to participate in or to advise on certain investment
opportunities that otherwise would be consistent with the Client’s investment objectives. The returns on a portfolio
incorporating ESG factors or Sustainable Investing considerations may be lower or higher than portfolios where ESG factors,
exclusions, or other sustainability issues are not considered by UBS, and the investment opportunities available to such
portfolios may differ.
External Asset Managers / External Financial Consultants: In case this research or publication is provided to an External
Asset Manager or an External Financial Consultant, UBS expressly prohibits that it is redistributed by the External Asset
Manager or the External Financial Consultant and is made available to their clients and/or third parties.
USA: Distributed to US persons only by UBS Financial Services Inc. or UBS Securities LLC, subsidiaries of UBS AG. UBS
Switzerland AG, UBS Europe SE, UBS Bank, S.A., UBS Brasil Administradora de Valores Mobiliarios Ltda, UBS Asesores Mexico,
S.A. de C.V., UBS SuMi TRUST Wealth Management Co., Ltd., UBS Wealth Management Israel Ltd and UBS Menkul Degerler
AS are affiliates of UBS AG. UBS Financial Services Inc. accepts responsibility for the content of a report prepared
by a non-US affiliate when it distributes reports to US persons. All transactions by a US person in the securities
mentioned in this report should be effected through a US-registered broker dealer affiliated with UBS, and not
through a non-US affiliate. The contents of this report have not been and will not be approved by any securities
or investment authority in the United States or elsewhere. UBS Financial Services Inc. is not acting as a municipal
advisor to any municipal entity or obligated person within the meaning of Section 15B of the Securities Exchange
Act (the "Municipal Advisor Rule") and the opinions or views contained herein are not intended to be, and do
not constitute, advice within the meaning of the Municipal Advisor Rule.
For country information, please visit ubs.com/cio-country-disclaimer-gr or ask your client advisor for the full disclaimer.
Additional Disclaimer relevant to Credit Suisse Wealth Management
You receive this document in your capacity as a client of Credit Suisse Wealth Management. Your personal data will be
processed in accordance with the Credit Suisse privacy statement accessible at your domicile through the official Credit
Suisse website . In order to provide you with marketing materials concerning our products and services, UBS Group AG
and its subsidiaries may process your basic personal data (i.e. contact details such as name, e-mail address) until you notify
us that you no longer wish to receive them. You can optout from receiving these materials at any time by informing your
Relationship Manager.
Except as otherwise specified herein and/or depending on the local Credit Suisse entity from which you are receiving this
report, this report is distributed by UBS Switzerland AG, authorised and regulated by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory
Authority (FINMA).
Version A/2025. CIO82652744
© UBS 2025. The key symbol and UBS are among the registered and unregistered trademarks of UBS. All rights reserved.

6

http://www.ubs.com/research-methodology
https://www.ubs.com/global/en/wealthmanagement/insights/chief-investment-office/country-disclaimer-gr.html

