
14 April 2025, 20:43 BST
Chief Investment Office GWM
Investment Research

Signal over noise #7: In defense of US
exceptionalism—five reasons US equities are
Attractive
Global equity strategy
 
 Author: Ulrike Hoffmann-Burchardi, Head CIO Global Equities, UBS Financial Services Inc. (UBS FS)

• President Trump's pause on the implementation
of “reciprocal" tariffs and the (at least) temporary
exemption of electronic goods has opened the door
to constructive bilateral tariff negotiations.

• While volatility is likely to remain elevated until the
final agreements are reached, we see five reasons
US equities are Attractive for investors with a 6-12
month view.

• The more favorable economic environment under
selective rather than universal tariffs, the prospect
of an eventual initiation of trade negotiations with
China, a shift in focus toward fiscal policy, the
potential trigger of a Fed put (including quantitative
easing) in the event of further market dislocations,
and the historically strong performance following
momentum sell-offs, all contribute to a positive
medium-term outlook for US equities.

 
The fog is lifting: while we anticipate volatility and signs
of economic weakness on the road to tariff agreements,
especially with China, the path from here seems clearer. We
outline below five reasons we find US equities Attractive.

1. A road to selective tariffs

Selective tariffs are about leverage, universal tariffs are
about cost—especially to the country wielding them. The
pivot towards exempting almost $390bn of electronic
imports (smartphones, laptop computers, hard drives, chips
and other electronics) provides at least a temporary reprieve
to US consumers. With the level of “reciprocal tariffs” for
most nations reduced to a 10% “baseline tariff” over the
90-day pause period, this could pave the way for further
reductions in tariff levels thereafter. In a move to turn
the tariff stand-off into a win-win outcome, Germany’s
chancellor Merz called for a zero-tariff trade zone.

We see a signal in these pivots, which establish release valves
for companies that are critically reliant on imports. With
universal tariffs there is no way out: imports—no matter
their origin—will see higher costs, potentially resulting in
broad inflationary pressures and economic malaise. With
even just one other sourcing option available at low or
no tariffs, the negative economic impact is mitigated.
Universal tariffs are more economically harmful for the
country imposing them than for the recipient countries,
as the latter have more freedom to re-calibrate. The only
option for companies in the country imposing tariffs is to
relocate production domestically, which may not always be
an immediate option.

In the wake of first trade negotiations under President Trump
in 2018/2019, many companies established a “China +1"
strategy, reducing their dependency on China by sourcing

This report has been prepared by UBS Financial Services Inc. (UBS FS). Please see important disclaimers and
disclosures at the end of the document.



Global equity strategy

from at least one other country such as Vietnam, India,
Mexico, or other Asian countries. So, while these countries
may not be as economically significant as China, any
progress in trade negotiations with these partners will be an
important signpost for the wider economic trajectory.

2. A potential initiation of US-China negotiations

We anticipate that the US and China will eventually agree
to commence negotiations. With tariff rates hiked to
over 100% by both countries, we think that the dispute
has reached peak uncertainty, making further escalation
unlikely. We do not expect a final trade deal similar to
the resolution reached in December 2019, when China
agreed to purchase USD 200 billion worth of US goods and
services over two years in exchange for a reduction in US
tariffs. Given the Chinese economy's reduced reliance on
US exports, we expect fewer concessions from China this
time. Nonetheless, a temporary relief and partial rollback of
existing “reciprocal" tariffs is possible as both parties agree
to negotiate.

Figure 1 - The Chinese economy is less reliant on
US exports compared to 2018
US goods imports from China. In USD bn (lhs) and relative to China
GDP (rhs)

Source: US Census Bureau, IMF, UBS

3. April tariff showers, May fiscal flowers?

Over the coming weeks we anticipate a shift in focus
towards US fiscal policy initiatives. On 10 April, the House
of Representatives approved the Senate-amended Fiscal
Year 2025 budget resolution. The resolution has four key
provisions:

1. Up to USD 1.5tr in new tax cuts aiming to expand the
2017 Trump tax cuts.

2. Increased spend on defense and border security.

3. Spending cuts of at least USD 1.5tr.

4. Federal debt limit increased by USD 5tr.

While exact spending cuts and the increased spend on
border security and defense have yet to be detailed, we
expect a shift in narrative away from tariffs towards pro-
growth fiscal policies and see a chance that a comprehensive
reconciliation bill will be passed before the Memorial Day
recess in May.

4. The Fed put

Comments by New York Federal Reserve President John
Williams on 11 April 2025 underscore that the Fed is not
a detached party to the tariff negotiations. The fact that
he stated that “long-term inflation expectations remain
stable” despite a likely short-term rise in inflation from tariffs
suggests that the Fed would act should further downside
risks to the economy and employment materialize. Similarly,
on the same day Boston Federal Reserve President Susan
Collins stated that “the Fed would absolutely be prepared
to intervene to address challenges of liquidity or market
functioning,” noting that “the core interest rate tool is
certainly not the best way to address those issues.” We
therefore think it’s possible that the Fed will turn to
quantitative easing should the bond market show further
dislocations.

Figure 2 - In 2018/2019 the Fed's policy pivot
occurred after a 15% drawdown in the S&P 500
S&P 500 in 2018/2019

Source: Refinitiv, UBS

This is in line with Fed Chair Powell’s policy pivot in
2018/2019 in the wake of market volatility and weakening
global growth (see Signal over Noise 6). In his Atlanta speech
on 4 January 2019, Powell suggested that the Fed would be
“patient” and responsive to market and economic signals
after acknowledging “crosscurrents,” and in a prior speech

2

https://secure.ubs.com/public/api/v2/investment-content/documents/pHRz1jHWOxXrpTnzetwh-w?apikey=1AS8wxGGWLjxy6J92ees52Uz5ZrWmy6m


Global equity strategy

on 19 December 2018 had guided toward fewer projected
rate hikes. This established Fed Chair Powell’s reputation as
someone willing to respond to real-time risks rather than
follow a rigid policy.

With long-term inflationary expectations trending lower (see
Figure 3), we still see the Fed put in play, albeit likely with a
lower strike than in 2018. The Fed pivoted its policy stance
after the S&P 500's drawdown approached 15% in 2018.
This time, we think the Fed is more likely to act when the
S&P's decline from the peak is closer to 25% given that
current inflationary risks are higher than they were in 2018.

Figure 3 - US long-term inflationary expectations
are trending lower in 2025
Average expected inflation over the five-year period that begins five
years from today

Source: Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis, UBS

5. The data: Buy US exceptionalism—especially when
it’s on sale

From a purely empirical perspective, it pays to buy the dip in
US equities. On average, buying the dip after drawdowns of
10% has historically resulted in superior absolute and risk-
adjusted returns (see Signal over Noise 5). Also, the 3, 6, 9,
and 12-month returns after a strong momentum sell-off of
15% (as we experienced on 11 March 2025) have exceeded
the average returns over the same windows over the last 25
years.

Figure 4 - The US market usually recovers after
momentum sell-offs
Momentum sell-offs and subsequent average returns in the S&P 500

Source: Bloomberg, UBS
Note: Past performance is not indicative of future results.

3

https://secure.ubs.com/public/api/v2/investment-content/documents/FxjfwPU1S-J27e7VyWClEA?apikey=1AS8wxGGWLjxy6J92ees52Uz5ZrWmy6m


Global equity strategy

Appendix

Risk information
UBS Chief Investment Office's ("CIO") investment views are prepared and published by the Global Wealth Management
business of UBS Switzerland AG (regulated by FINMA in Switzerland) or its affiliates ("UBS"), part of UBS Group AG ("UBS
Group"). UBS Group includes former Credit Suisse AG, its subsidiaries, branches and affiliates. Additional disclaimer relevant
to Credit Suisse Wealth Management follows at the end of this section.
The investment views have been prepared in accordance with legal requirements designed to promote the independence
of investment research.
Generic investment research – Risk information:
This publication is for your information only and is not intended as an offer, or a solicitation of an offer, to buy or sell
any investment or other specific product. The analysis contained herein does not constitute a personal recommendation or
take into account the particular investment objectives, investment strategies, financial situation and needs of any specific
recipient. It is based on numerous assumptions. Different assumptions could result in materially different results. Certain
services and products are subject to legal restrictions and cannot be offered worldwide on an unrestricted basis and/or may
not be eligible for sale to all investors. All information and opinions expressed in this document were obtained from sources
believed to be reliable and in good faith, but no representation or warranty, express or implied, is made as to its accuracy
or completeness (other than disclosures relating to UBS). All information and opinions as well as any forecasts, estimates
and market prices indicated are current as of the date of this report, and are subject to change without notice. Opinions
expressed herein may differ or be contrary to those expressed by other business areas or divisions of UBS as a result of
using different assumptions and/or criteria. UBS may utilise artificial intelligence tools (“AI Tools”) in the preparation of this
document. Notwithstanding any such use of AI Tools, this document has undergone human review.
In no circumstances may this document or any of the information (including any forecast, value, index or other calculated
amount ("Values")) be used for any of the following purposes (i) valuation or accounting purposes; (ii) to determine the
amounts due or payable, the price or the value of any financial instrument or financial contract; or (iii) to measure the
performance of any financial instrument including, without limitation, for the purpose of tracking the return or performance
of any Value or of defining the asset allocation of portfolio or of computing performance fees. By receiving this document
and the information you will be deemed to represent and warrant to UBS that you will not use this document or otherwise
rely on any of the information for any of the above purposes. UBS and any of its directors or employees may be entitled at
any time to hold long or short positions in investment instruments referred to herein, carry out transactions involving relevant
investment instruments in the capacity of principal or agent, or provide any other services or have officers, who serve as
directors, either to/for the issuer, the investment instrument itself or to/for any company commercially or financially affiliated
to such issuers. At any time, investment decisions (including whether to buy, sell or hold securities) made by UBS and its
employees may differ from or be contrary to the opinions expressed in UBS research publications. Some investments may not
be readily realizable since the market in the securities is illiquid and therefore valuing the investment and identifying the risk
to which you are exposed may be difficult to quantify. UBS relies on information barriers to control the flow of information
contained in one or more areas within UBS, into other areas, units, divisions or affiliates of UBS. Futures and options trading
is not suitable for every investor as there is a substantial risk of loss, and losses in excess of an initial investment may occur.
Past performance of an investment is no guarantee for its future performance. Additional information will be made available
upon request. Some investments may be subject to sudden and large falls in value and on realization you may receive back
less than you invested or may be required to pay more. Changes in foreign exchange rates may have an adverse effect on
the price, value or income of an investment. The analyst(s) responsible for the preparation of this report may interact with
trading desk personnel, sales personnel and other constituencies for the purpose of gathering, synthesizing and interpreting
market information.
Different areas, groups, and personnel within UBS Group may produce and distribute separate research products
independently of each other. For example, research publications from CIO are produced by UBS Global Wealth
Management. UBS Global Research is produced by UBS Investment Bank. Research methodologies and rating systems
of each separate research organization may differ, for example, in terms of investment recommendations, investment
horizon, model assumptions, and valuation methods. As a consequence, except for certain economic forecasts (for which
UBS CIO and UBS Global Research may collaborate), investment recommendations, ratings, price targets, and valuations
provided by each of the separate research organizations may be different, or inconsistent. You should refer to each relevant
research product for the details as to their methodologies and rating system. Not all clients may have access to all products
from every organization. Each research product is subject to the policies and procedures of the organization that produces it.
The compensation of the analyst(s) who prepared this report is determined exclusively by research management and senior
management (not including investment banking). Analyst compensation is not based on investment banking, sales and
trading or principal trading revenues, however, compensation may relate to the revenues of UBS Group as a whole, of which
investment banking, sales and trading and principal trading are a part.
Tax treatment depends on the individual circumstances and may be subject to change in the future. UBS does not provide
legal or tax advice and makes no representations as to the tax treatment of assets or the investment returns thereon both in

4



Global equity strategy

general or with reference to specific client's circumstances and needs. We are of necessity unable to take into account the
particular investment objectives, financial situation and needs of our individual clients and we would recommend that you
take financial and/or tax advice as to the implications (including tax) of investing in any of the products mentioned herein.
This material may not be reproduced or copies circulated without prior authority of UBS. Unless otherwise agreed in writing
UBS expressly prohibits the distribution and transfer of this material to third parties for any reason. UBS accepts no liability
whatsoever for any claims or lawsuits from any third parties arising from the use or distribution of this material. This report
is for distribution only under such circumstances as may be permitted by applicable law. For information on the ways in
which CIO manages conflicts and maintains independence of its investment views and publication offering, and research
and rating methodologies, please visit www.ubs.com/research-methodology. Additional information on the relevant authors
of this publication and other CIO publication(s) referenced in this report; and copies of any past reports on this topic; are
available upon request from your client advisor.
Important Information About Sustainable Investing Strategies: Sustainable investing strategies aim to consider
and incorporate environmental, social and governance (ESG) factors into investment process and portfolio construction.
Strategies across geographies approach ESG analysis and incorporate the findings in a variety of ways. Incorporating ESG
factors or Sustainable Investing considerations may inhibit UBS’s ability to participate in or to advise on certain investment
opportunities that otherwise would be consistent with the Client’s investment objectives. The returns on a portfolio
incorporating ESG factors or Sustainable Investing considerations may be lower or higher than portfolios where ESG factors,
exclusions, or other sustainability issues are not considered by UBS, and the investment opportunities available to such
portfolios may differ.
External Asset Managers / External Financial Consultants: In case this research or publication is provided to an External
Asset Manager or an External Financial Consultant, UBS expressly prohibits that it is redistributed by the External Asset
Manager or the External Financial Consultant and is made available to their clients and/or third parties.
USA: Distributed to US persons only by UBS Financial Services Inc. or UBS Securities LLC, subsidiaries of UBS AG. UBS
Switzerland AG, UBS Europe SE, UBS Bank, S.A., UBS Brasil Administradora de Valores Mobiliarios Ltda, UBS Asesores Mexico,
S.A. de C.V., UBS SuMi TRUST Wealth Management Co., Ltd., UBS Wealth Management Israel Ltd and UBS Menkul Degerler
AS are affiliates of UBS AG. UBS Financial Services Inc. accepts responsibility for the content of a report prepared
by a non-US affiliate when it distributes reports to US persons. All transactions by a US person in the securities
mentioned in this report should be effected through a US-registered broker dealer affiliated with UBS, and not
through a non-US affiliate. The contents of this report have not been and will not be approved by any securities
or investment authority in the United States or elsewhere. UBS Financial Services Inc. is not acting as a municipal
advisor to any municipal entity or obligated person within the meaning of Section 15B of the Securities Exchange
Act (the "Municipal Advisor Rule") and the opinions or views contained herein are not intended to be, and do
not constitute, advice within the meaning of the Municipal Advisor Rule.
For country information, please visit ubs.com/cio-country-disclaimer-gr or ask your client advisor for the full disclaimer.
Additional Disclaimer relevant to Credit Suisse Wealth Management
You receive this document in your capacity as a client of Credit Suisse Wealth Management. Your personal data will be
processed in accordance with the Credit Suisse privacy statement accessible at your domicile through the official Credit
Suisse website . In order to provide you with marketing materials concerning our products and services, UBS Group AG
and its subsidiaries may process your basic personal data (i.e. contact details such as name, e-mail address) until you notify
us that you no longer wish to receive them. You can optout from receiving these materials at any time by informing your
Relationship Manager.
Except as otherwise specified herein and/or depending on the local Credit Suisse entity from which you are receiving this
report, this report is distributed by UBS Switzerland AG, authorised and regulated by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory
Authority (FINMA).
Version A/2025. CIO82652744
© UBS 2025. The key symbol and UBS are among the registered and unregistered trademarks of UBS. All rights reserved.

5

http://www.ubs.com/research-methodology
https://www.ubs.com/global/en/wealthmanagement/insights/chief-investment-office/country-disclaimer-gr.html

