
For UBS marketing purposes

(Shutterstock)

Gold’s allure remains
untarnished
06 May 2025, 10:02 am CEST, written by UBS Editorial Team

Financial markets have settled into a somewhat uneasy calm in the shadow of tariff uncertainties. We believe
that the risk-reward balance favors looking through the near-term risks in selected instances. We have recently
turned Attractive on US equities and remain positive on silver despite vulnerability to near-term risk events.
We have also raised our gold price targets on the back of strengthening near- and medium-term demand.

After two weeks of tariffs-induced volatility, an uneasy calm seems to be settling on markets. The VIX equity volatility
index has fallen from a 7 April high of 60 to below 40, while the S&P 500 has rebounded 7.5% after a 12% decline.
Additionally, US Treasury yields and the USD index (DXY) seem to have stabilized as well. With President Trump pausing
reciprocal tariffs and exempting key tech products from tariff hikes, risk appetites and risk assets might at first glance
appear to be on the path of recovery.

But the situation is somewhat more nuanced. While we did recently shift our view on US equities to Attractive, we also
acknowledge that the near-term outlook is somewhat clouded by some event risks. We also recently upgraded our price
targets for gold, as near- and medium-term demand supports appear to have strengthened.

Extreme negative tail risks for US equities reduced. Notwithstanding the continued presence of more-moderate
issues, we believe the 90-day pause in “reciprocal tariffs” on all countries besides China indicates a sensitivity to market
stress, and thus the existence of some version of a “Trump put.” This in turn warranted raising our downside scenario
S&P 500 price target to 4500 (more symptomatic of a "normal" recession) from 4000. We also believe the news flow is
likely to get incrementally better, as the Trump administration seems likely to be more inclined to demonstrate “success”
in the form of “deals” or sector carve-outs to be agreed within the 90-day “pause”. Such progress on negotiations should
provide encouragement for investors to look through near-term tariff-induced economic weakness.



For UBS marketing purposes

However, we also remain cognizant of the fact that it is far from certain that the pause in “reciprocal tariffs” on other
trading partners will result in more long-lasting deals. Also, the sizable tariffs on China will almost certainly cause economic
disruption if they remain in place.

Gold resumes its climb after a brief wobble. After a brief dip to USD 2955/oz on tight market liquidity, gold has again
proven its enduring quality as a hedge against risk aversion by quickly bouncing back above USD 3200/oz. We have raised
our gold price target from USD 3200/oz to USD 3500/oz, through 1Q2026. In the near term, safe haven demand and
tactical positioning by speculators should keep the price of gold supported as escalating geopolitical tensions and fears
of inflation lurk in the background.

More interesting though are emerging signs of a structural shift in gold allocations. We had previously noted indications
of central banks systematically raising the share of total reserves held in gold as part of a move to diversify out of the USD.
China’s recent allowing of insurance funds to invest in gold seems to indicate that this policy goal remains very much
alive. We expect ventral banks will buy around 1000 metric tons in 2025 (up from 950 metric tons). Also, we had noted
that private investors appear to be following suit—this seems to have spurred a reversal of the multi-year ETF redemption
cycle. We expect this to accelerate and raise our estimate of ETF net buying in 2025 to 450 metric tons (from 300 metric
tons), alongside strong retail coin/bar demand

Silver lining in silver’s dip. The liquidity crunch that led to gold’s brief tumble also took the price of silver along, albeit to
a much larger extent. While gold saw a max drawdown of 5.7%, silver fell as much as 17.5%. While silver has rebounded
alongside gold—as much as 15.4% versus 9.8% respectively—it remains, at USD 32/oz, almost 6% below the 2 April
close. This has seen the gold-silver price ratio surge from 92 to almost 103 before moderating to 100 currently. We
maintain our silver price target of USD 38/oz through 1Q2026.

We believe the backdrop for silver remains constructive. While industrial application demand for silver could struggle in
the near term, we expect investment demand to improve and support prices. Expectations of deeper rate cuts would
provide broad support for precious metals, including silver. We therefore like to stay long silver and look beyond some of
the risk-off dynamics in the market. In the meantime, we like selling the downside price risks in silver in 2Q25, in view
of the fall in prices and the increase in option volatility.

Disclaimer
This document is prepared and published by the Global Wealth Management business of UBS Switzerland AG (regulated by
FINMA in Switzerland), its subsidiaries or its affiliates ("UBS"), part of UBS Group AG ("UBS Group"). UBS Group includes former
Credit Suisse AG, its subsidiaries, branches and affiliates. In the USA, UBS Financial Services Inc. is a subsidiary of UBS AG and a
member of FINRA/SIPC. Additional Disclaimer relevant to Credit Suisse Wealth Management follows at the end of this section.
This document and the information contained herein are provided solely for your information and UBS marketing
purposes. Nothing in this document constitutes investment research, investment advice, a sales prospectus, or an offer or
solicitation to engage in any investment activities. This document is not a recommendation to buy or sell any security, investment
instrument, or product, and does not recommend any specific investment program or service.
Information contained in this document has not been tailored to the specific investment objectives, personal and financial
circumstances, or particular needs of any individual client. Certain investments referred to in this document may not be suitable
or appropriate for all investors. In addition, certain services and products referred to in the document may be subject to legal
restrictions and/or license or permission requirements and cannot therefore be offered worldwide on an unrestricted basis. No
offer of any product will be made in any jurisdiction in which the offer, solicitation, or sale is not permitted, or to any person
to whom it is unlawful to make such offer, solicitation, or sale.
Although all information and opinions expressed in this document were obtained in good faith from sources believed to be
reliable, no representation or warranty, express or implied, is made as to the document’s accuracy, sufficiency, completeness or
reliability. All information and opinions expressed in this document are subject to change without notice and may differ from
opinions expressed by other business areas or divisions of UBS Group. UBS is under no obligation to update or keep current the
information contained herein. The views and opinions expressed in this material by third parties are not those of UBS.
Accordingly, UBS does not accept any liability over the content shared by third parties or any claims, losses or damages arising
from the use or reliance of all or any part thereof.
All pictures or images ("images") herein are for illustrative, informative or documentary purposes only and may depict objects or
elements which are protected by third party copyright, trademarks and other intellectual property rights. Unless expressly stated,
no relationship, association, sponsorship or endorsement is suggested or implied between UBS and these third parties.



For UBS marketing purposes

Any charts and scenarios contained in the document are for illustrative purposes only. Some charts and/or performance figures
may not be based on complete 12-month periods which may reduce their comparability and significance. Historical performance
is no guarantee for, and is not an indication of future performance.
Nothing in this document constitutes legal or tax advice. UBS and its employees do not provide legal or tax advice. This document
may not be redistributed or reproduced in whole or in part without the prior written permission of UBS. To the extent permitted
by the law, neither UBS, nor any of it its directors, officers, employees or agents accepts or assumes any liability, responsibility or
duty of care for any consequences, including any loss or damage, of you or anyone else acting, or refraining to act, in reliance
on the information contained in this document or for any decision based on it.
Additional Disclaimer relevant to Credit Suisse Wealth Management: Except as otherwise specified herein and/or
depending on the local entity from which you are receiving this document, this document is distributed by UBS Switzerland AG,
authorised and regulated by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority (FINMA). Your personal data will be processed
in accordance with the Credit Suisse privacy statement accessible at your domicile through the official Credit Suisse website
https://www.credit-suisse.com. In order to provide you with marketing materials concerning our products and services, UBS
Group AG and its subsidiaries may process your basic personal data (i.e. contact details such as name, e-mail address) until you
notify us that you no longer wish to receive them. You can optout from receiving these materials at any time by informing your
Relationship Manager.
Please visit https://www.ubs.com/global/en/wealth-management/insights/chief-investment-office/marketing-material-
disclaimer.html to read the full legal disclaimer applicable to this document.
© UBS 2025. The key symbol and UBS are among the registered and unregistered trademarks of UBS. All rights reserved.

https://www.credit-suisse.com/
https://www.ubs.com/global/en/wealth-management/insights/chief-investment-office/marketing-material-disclaimer.html
https://www.ubs.com/global/en/wealth-management/insights/chief-investment-office/marketing-material-disclaimer.html

