
17 April 2025, 01:26PM UTC
Chief Investment Office GWM
Investment Research

What the proposed Mar-a-Lago Accord could
mean for investors
Bond markets
 
 Authors: Thomas Wacker, CFA, Head CIO Credit, UBS Switzerland AG; Kurt Reiman, Head of Fixed Income, Americas, UBS Financial Services Inc. (UBS
FS); Dominic Schnider, CFA, CAIA, Strategist, UBS Switzerland AG; Paul Donovan, Chief Economist, UBS GWM, UBS AG London Branch

• The longer-term ambitions outlined in the so-called
“Mar-a-Lago Accord” proposals aim to maintain the
US dollar’s dominance while weakening its value
and lowering Treasury yields across the curve by
withholding interest from and issuing ultra-long-
dated debt to foreign official sector holders.

• Most countries are, in our view, unlikely to sign such
an accord, but it may be imposed on those that
rely on the US for defense. We think the proposed
actions of the accord would likely undermine the
credibility of the dollar as a reserve asset, could
cause spikes in yields of longer-dated Treasuries, and
benefit other high-quality government bonds, safe-
haven currencies, and gold.

• While the US administration has not signaled its
intention to implement these ideas, in this note, we
try to quantify the possible contribution to lowering
fiscal deficits and restoring the sustainability of
the US government debt path. We would consider
changes to our asset allocation in case some of those
ideas gain traction.

Source: Getty

 
The aims of the accord
The global consensus underpinning the liberal world order
—a multilateral, rules-based system promoting international
trade and capital flows, and aimed at preventing the worst
atrocities of the early 20th century—is increasingly at risk.
The US, a chief architect of this consensus, was seen as the
dominant superpower able to ensure that countries played
by the rules. Many within the US now question whether
this framework still serves America's economic and national
security interests. The current administration seeks strong
economic and security alliances with those countries that
align themselves with the US. It expects balanced trade and
a vibrant manufacturing sector, and a shared commitment
to global security where countries address the security
threats in their own backyards.

The “Mar-a-Lago Accord” is an extension of the evolution
in thinking by certain individuals within the Trump
administration about America's role in the world. It’s
generally understood to be based on a set of proposals
that seek to preserve the US dollar’s global dominance
while also weakening its value. Maintaining the US dollar’s
dominance as the principal reserve currency and medium
of exchange is paramount because it enables the US to
project its power through global payments systems.[1]
But the US dollar’s dominance also has a downside—its
persistent overvaluation. As the theory goes, the resulting
currency strength hollows out the US manufacturing
base and the country’s competitiveness, which could
potentially undermine America’s strategic capability and
military preparedness.

This report has been prepared by UBS Switzerland AG, UBS Financial Services Inc. (UBS FS), UBS AG London Branch.
Please see important disclaimers and disclosures at the end of the document.

https://www.hudsonbaycapital.com/documents/FG/hudsonbay/research/638199_A_Users_Guide_to_Restructuring_the_Global_Trading_System.pdf?pdf


Bond markets

Adherents of these proposals claim that foreign countries
have artificially weakened their currencies versus the US
dollar to achieve export advantages in a wide range of
products, which further reinforces US deindustrialization
and widens the US trade deficit, creating large capital
account surpluses held primarily in the form of US
Treasury securities. Countries that participate in the Mar-
a-Lago Accord would potentially be given some form of
tariff relief[2] and security guarantees in exchange for
their willingness to commit to the dollar’s dominance
in global payments, accept Treasury debt swaps, lower
interest payments on their Treasury holdings, and ultimately
contribute to a weaker US dollar.

While the US administration has provided few official
details on what an eventual Mar-a-Lago Accord would
include, officials within the administration are focused
on currency adjustments and debt exchanges to address
the structural twin federal budget and trade deficits.
Therefore, we believe it is important to consider potential
outcomes and assess possible investment consequences to
support investment decisions in an environment where fiscal
dynamics, global trade, and security questions are becoming
more intertwined.

In addition to challenges around its implementation,
negotiations for such a new accord would be difficult, in
our view. While the Plaza Accord of 1985 featured the
G5 countries and the Louvre Accord of 1987 the G6, they
included central bank representatives who were able to
take binding decisions. The current range of “relevant”
countries would need to be wider, and ECB representatives,
for example, do not hold the power to decide over foreign
currency reserves held at the national central banks of euro
member countries.

[1] As an example, the Society for Worldwide Interbank
Financial Telecommunication (SWIFT) payments platform—
together with US and allies’ backing—voted to restrict seven
Russian banks from accessing the US dollar payments system
after Russia’s invasion of Ukraine in 2022. In addition, the
US together with the rest of the G7 and the European Union
froze USD 300 billion of Russian central bank assets to inflict
a financial penalty on the Russian government.
[2] It’s important to note the ordering: tariffs announced
and implemented first to then be able to generate the
leverage in negotiations to achieve concessions to alter the
international financial system and the government’s debt
profile. Tariffs are used to generate government revenue,
but these can be relaxed or removed altogether in exchange
for reduced interest expenses. Either way, the idea is to
reduce the deficit.

Revisiting the US structural budget deficit
As we wrote in our December 2024 paper on “Taxes,
spending, debt, and deficits under Trump 2.0,” achieving
a substantial reduction in the fiscal deficit, which stood at
USD 2.2 trillion—or 7.6% of GDP—in 2024, is a critical
yet difficult goal for many within the administration and
Congress. The income generated from higher tariffs would
likely prove insufficient to make a serious dent in the budget,
to say nothing of the numerous counter-forces involved.
For example, restoring US domestic production would lower
imports and the tariff revenue. And tariffs that are too high
would weigh on trade flows while risking a broad economic
downturn, which would only worsen the budget deficit
through higher social spending and lower economic activity.
The administration objects to raising revenue through higher
taxes, and efforts to materially curb current spending are
unlikely to generate sufficient savings to balance the budget
and would weigh on economic growth if taken to an
extreme.

As interest on US government debt is now the single
largest line item—at over 13% of general government
revenues in 2024—in the budget and is growing as existing
bonds mature, attention has shifted to potential ways
to reduce the cost of debt. Because of the US dollar’s
reserve currency status, Treasury yields are arguably already
lower than they would otherwise be. The proposed Mar-a-
Lago Accord would put an additional burden of reducing
interest expenses on foreign official holders. Several recent
statements from members of the US administration stressed
the importance of low long-term bond yields for achieving
its economic and policy goals.

In our past reports on debt sustainability, we outlined four
ways to reduce government debt:

1. economic growth through high productivity,

2. fiscal austerity,

3. financial repression, and

4. default / debt restructuring.

Regarding the first option, we believe that the US could
slowly grow out of its debt if it manages to constrain its
fiscal deficit to about 3.0-3.5% of GDP, which means it has
to resort to the other three options if the government wants
to stop the rise in the debt ratio.

With regard to the second option, cutting back the size of
government institutions under initiatives of the Department
of Government Efficiency (DOGE) is the only example of
fiscal austerity, and we have yet to see its effects in hard
numbers. Breakdowns of current government spending

2

https://www.brookings.edu/articles/payment-systems-changing-role-from-economic-growth-to-the-new-foreign-policy-lever/
https://secure.ubs.com/public/api/v2/investment-content/documents/svSNUyQKy5ON995Bnrdhww?apikey=1AS8wxGGWLjxy6J92ees52Uz5ZrWmy6m


Bond markets

—total nondefense discretionary spending was USD 1tr
in 2024—suggest that even sharp cuts there can only
shave off a small portion of the overall deficit. According
to the Congressional Budget Office (CBO), the federal
government’s 2.3mn workers were employed at a cost of
USD 271bn in 2022 (about 1% of GDP), so even massive
layoffs can only generate moderate cost savings relative to
a USD 2.2tr fiscal deficit.

The ongoing budget process may deliver further spending
cuts, but also revenue cuts, and it is yet unclear to what
extent it will reduce the fiscal deficit. In its 25 March update,
Moody’s projected the federal government deficit to widen
“to about 8.5% of GDP by 2035 from around 6.3% in 2025,
driven by increased interest payments and health-related
entitlement costs.” This would result in a rise of the federal
government debt ratio to 130% of GDP from close to 100%
this year. The general government debt ratio, including state
and municipal debt, which is what most other countries
typically report, stood at 121% of GDP by the end of 2024.

Moody’s forecasts include an extension of the 2017 Tax
Cuts and Jobs Act and no material additional tax cuts
(like proposed corporate tax reductions and exclusion from
taxes of overtime and tipped income as well as social
security benefits). Also, it includes only small spending
cuts, reflecting an expectation for no bipartisan support for
entitlement reform.

Another avenue for financial repression
A long-term ambition in the proposed Mar-a-Lago Accord
is to devalue the USD, ideally by having foreign reserve
holders sell US dollar assets in exchange for their national
currencies. Selling pressure on US Treasuries and rising
yields are a notable risk, endangering the administration's
ambition to also achieve lower Treasury yields. Therefore,
several proposals clearly fall into the wider definition of
financial repression—i.e., measures where the government
uses its regulatory and political powers to constrain or lower
the cost of its debt.

Key proposals include withholding part of the interest on
Treasuries and issuing so-called century bonds or even
perpetual bonds to certain foreign official sector holders.
The authors justify paying less or no interest to those
bondholders as compensation for the US providing a safe
reserve asset and access to its security umbrella. From a
credit perspective, it is foreign financial repression. It can
be viewed as an extension of traditional domestic financial
repression, which the US has used in the past, whereby
certain regulated entities are required to hold large amounts
of Treasuries on their balance sheet or where reference
interest rates are being capped in a way that results in
negative real interest rates. Typically, financial repression

works best if supported by the central bank. A likely change
in leadership at the Fed in 2026 could raise support for
possible efforts by the Treasury to engage in financial
repression.

Withholding interest / charging a fee
The paper suggests the US may use the International
Emergency Economic Powers Act (IEEPA) from 1977 to make
foreign reserve accumulation less attractive by “imposing a
user fee on foreign official holders of Treasury securities,”
by withholding part of the coupon payments. Even if only
applied to certain official sector creditors, such a measure
would likely scare many private holders of Treasuries. And
if it’s applied to existing bonds, it could even cross the line
to be considered an event of default. Disguising it as a fee
instead of a non-payment of the full interest when due
would still likely be captured by rating agencies’ definition of
a default. For example, Moody’s states as one of four events
constituting a default: “a change in the payment terms of
a credit agreement or indenture imposed by a third party
such as the sovereign that results in a diminished financial
obligation, such as a forced currency re-denomination or a
forced change in some other aspect of the original promise,
such as indexation or maturity.”

A possible alternative would be to include such “fee”
provisions only into newly issued Treasuries, so that investors
know the terms ahead of purchase. However, this could lead
to a perceived seniority of older bonds over those with the
interest withholding / fee provision, most likely leading to
different yields as investors who are (currently) not targeted
by the fee would still prefer the old bonds.

Figure 1 - Breakdown of USD 36tr in US
government debt

Source: Bloomberg, IMF, as of 14 April 2025.

3



Bond markets

From a fiscal perspective, the share of Treasuries from which
interest would be partially withheld would need to be
sufficiently large to have any meaningful impact on the
budget. There are USD 19.8tr of nominal bonds, USD 2.0tr
of inflation-linked Treasuries outstanding, and USD 6.5tr of
Treasury bills (see Fig. 1). US Treasury data from January
suggests that a total of USD 8.5tr are held by foreigners, of
which USD 3.4tr are Treasury bonds and notes held by the
foreign official sector (see Fig. 2). Withholding one percent
of interest from all of them would reduce spending by USD
34bn, or 0.3% of this year’s expected general government
revenues, amounting to 0.11% of GDP. Of course, the
government could apply higher or different fees to different
countries, but the overall coupon due on the bonds would
act as a cap for this approach.

Figure 2 - Holders of US Treasury securities (USD
28tr)

Source: US Treasury, as of 31 January 2025.

Also, the administration could consider extending the fee
beyond the official sector—targeting the USD 8.5tr instead
of only the USD 3.4tr held by the official sector. Doing
so would also address the issue that some countries hold
Treasuries through funds domiciled in other countries, which
is not captured by the Treasury data used in Figures 2
and 3. This would likely result in severe turmoil in global
bond markets and while it could reduce foreign holdings
of Treasuries, it could also challenge the US dollar's reserve
asset status, as investors would diversify into alternative
assets (like other government bonds and gold) much like
they did after Russia's central bank assets were frozen.

Century bonds
A second proposal is to issue a special type of long-
term bond only to official sector holders that the US
administration intends to effectively charge for providing a
safe reserve asset and protection under its security umbrella

(see Fig. 3). These replacement bonds could have long
tenors, like 100 years or even perpetual structures, and carry
very low or nonexistent coupons. Currently, a large share of
foreign official sector holdings are in short-dated bonds.

Figure 3 - Foreign holders of Treasury securities by
economy (USD bn)

Source: US Treasury, as of 31 January 2025. Treasury International Capital
System data does not identify the ultimate owner, for example of bonds
held by investment funds.

To illustrate the economic costs that affected governments
would need to accept, and the likely political pressure
required for them to buy such bonds at par value (100), note
that a 30-year zero coupon Treasury would have a fair cash
price of 24 at a current market yield of 4.8%. For a 100-
year zero coupon note, a fair price (using the same yield,
as there is no Treasury bond beyond 30 years) would be 9.
Given tariffs are paid by US consumers of imports, accepting
the economic impact of tariffs can be preferable to a foreign
country, depending on the amount of century bonds it
would be asked to hold and the relevance of protection
through the US security umbrella.

By issuing a separate type of bonds bilaterally to specific
countries, there would be no direct credit implications for
the other Treasury securities outstanding. If such investors
gradually swap from existing Treasuries to century bonds,
the pool of Treasuries would shrink accordingly (ignoring
new issuance to finance persistent deficits). Therefore, this
form of financial repression contains somewhat less risk of
scaring private holders of existing Treasuries, but can of
course still lead to concerns about further unorthodox bond
market measures.

From a credit perspective, lengthening the funding profile
and reducing the fiscal sensitivity to swings in interest rates
would be a positive. The extent of the impact would depend

4



Bond markets

on the amount of debt being swapped into such century
bonds relative to the overall debt burden. In the unlikely
“best case,” where all of the USD 3.4tr of Treasuries held by
foreign official holders (equivalent to 15% of the Treasury
market volume) would be swapped, the US may save about
USD 100bn in annual interest expenses—about 1% of this
year’s expected general government revenues, or 0.33% of
GDP. As a reminder, the US spent 13.7% of revenues on
debt service in 2024 (see Fig. 4).

Figure 4 - US general government debt costs have
increased

Source: UBS, IMF, as of 14 April 2025

Market implications
We think the measures suggested would likely result in
heightened uncertainty about the safe-haven status of
Treasuries, but they would likely help the US government
mitigate part of its fiscal pressures. Returning to a
sustainable debt path still requires Congress to legislate
measures to meaningfully reduce the budget deficit. As a
result, we would expect yields of longer-dated Treasuries
to remain vulnerable to spikes as foreign investors diversify
their safe assets or reserve holdings into other high-
quality government bonds, and as US investors reduce
their allocations over fears of financial repression leading
to negative real yields. Such episodes can be countered
by further financial repression, lowering yields again. Aside
from a generally higher term premium, we would also
expect heightened volatility, reducing the risk-adjusted
appeal of longer-dated bonds compared to shorter tenors.

The USD’s rich valuation when looking back over the last
50 years, with sizeable twin deficits and elevated investment
positions by foreign investors in the US, suggests that an
adjustment to a lower USD equilibrium would unlikely be
very gradual, especially against highly liquid G10 and safe
haven currencies. Mean reverting to a longer-term average
—trade weighted—would initially mean mid-teen downside
for the USD from current levels. A resetting of the USD

would likely come with a shift higher in currency market
volatility over a longer period as well. Potentially larger
currency trends and higher volatility would speak in favor of
more active currency management (hedging activity).

Figure 5 - In real trade-weighted terms, the USD
stands at lofty levels
Monthly data

Source: UBS, Bloomberg, as of 14 April 2025

The knock-on effect of the USD getting reset wouldn’t just
impact currency markets. Commodity markets are generally
quoted in USD but mainly produced and consumed outside
the US. Over time, a larger USD decline would speak for
higher commodity prices. Moreover, concerns over the safe-
haven status of US Treasuries would likely continue to play in
favor of commodities such as precious metals, mainly gold.
We have already seen investors allocating more to gold in
an effort to reduce USD exposure and reap the potential
gains of gold's diversification benefits. This has pushed gold
to elevated levels from a production cost perspective while
providing price support for the broader sector.

5



Bond markets

Figure 6 - Gold prices have skyrocketed in nominal
and real terms already
Monthly data, values in USD/oz

Source: UBS, Bloomberg, as of 14 April 2025

6



Bond markets

Appendix

Risk information
UBS Chief Investment Office's ("CIO") investment views are prepared and published by the Global Wealth Management
business of UBS Switzerland AG (regulated by FINMA in Switzerland) or its affiliates ("UBS"), part of UBS Group AG ("UBS
Group"). UBS Group includes former Credit Suisse AG, its subsidiaries, branches and affiliates. Additional disclaimer relevant
to Credit Suisse Wealth Management follows at the end of this section.
The investment views have been prepared in accordance with legal requirements designed to promote the independence
of investment research.
Generic investment research – Risk information:
This publication is for your information only and is not intended as an offer, or a solicitation of an offer, to buy or sell
any investment or other specific product. The analysis contained herein does not constitute a personal recommendation or
take into account the particular investment objectives, investment strategies, financial situation and needs of any specific
recipient. It is based on numerous assumptions. Different assumptions could result in materially different results. Certain
services and products are subject to legal restrictions and cannot be offered worldwide on an unrestricted basis and/or may
not be eligible for sale to all investors. All information and opinions expressed in this document were obtained from sources
believed to be reliable and in good faith, but no representation or warranty, express or implied, is made as to its accuracy
or completeness (other than disclosures relating to UBS). All information and opinions as well as any forecasts, estimates
and market prices indicated are current as of the date of this report, and are subject to change without notice. Opinions
expressed herein may differ or be contrary to those expressed by other business areas or divisions of UBS as a result of using
different assumptions and/or criteria.
In no circumstances may this document or any of the information (including any forecast, value, index or other calculated
amount ("Values")) be used for any of the following purposes (i) valuation or accounting purposes; (ii) to determine the
amounts due or payable, the price or the value of any financial instrument or financial contract; or (iii) to measure the
performance of any financial instrument including, without limitation, for the purpose of tracking the return or performance
of any Value or of defining the asset allocation of portfolio or of computing performance fees. By receiving this document
and the information you will be deemed to represent and warrant to UBS that you will not use this document or otherwise
rely on any of the information for any of the above purposes. UBS and any of its directors or employees may be entitled at
any time to hold long or short positions in investment instruments referred to herein, carry out transactions involving relevant
investment instruments in the capacity of principal or agent, or provide any other services or have officers, who serve as
directors, either to/for the issuer, the investment instrument itself or to/for any company commercially or financially affiliated
to such issuers. At any time, investment decisions (including whether to buy, sell or hold securities) made by UBS and its
employees may differ from or be contrary to the opinions expressed in UBS research publications. Some investments may not
be readily realizable since the market in the securities is illiquid and therefore valuing the investment and identifying the risk
to which you are exposed may be difficult to quantify. UBS relies on information barriers to control the flow of information
contained in one or more areas within UBS, into other areas, units, divisions or affiliates of UBS. Futures and options trading
is not suitable for every investor as there is a substantial risk of loss, and losses in excess of an initial investment may occur.
Past performance of an investment is no guarantee for its future performance. Additional information will be made available
upon request. Some investments may be subject to sudden and large falls in value and on realization you may receive back
less than you invested or may be required to pay more. Changes in foreign exchange rates may have an adverse effect on
the price, value or income of an investment. The analyst(s) responsible for the preparation of this report may interact with
trading desk personnel, sales personnel and other constituencies for the purpose of gathering, synthesizing and interpreting
market information.
Different areas, groups, and personnel within UBS Group may produce and distribute separate research products
independently of each other. For example, research publications from CIO are produced by UBS Global Wealth
Management. UBS Global Research is produced by UBS Investment Bank. Research methodologies and rating systems
of each separate research organization may differ, for example, in terms of investment recommendations, investment
horizon, model assumptions, and valuation methods. As a consequence, except for certain economic forecasts (for which
UBS CIO and UBS Global Research may collaborate), investment recommendations, ratings, price targets, and valuations
provided by each of the separate research organizations may be different, or inconsistent. You should refer to each relevant
research product for the details as to their methodologies and rating system. Not all clients may have access to all products
from every organization. Each research product is subject to the policies and procedures of the organization that produces it.
The compensation of the analyst(s) who prepared this report is determined exclusively by research management and senior
management (not including investment banking). Analyst compensation is not based on investment banking, sales and
trading or principal trading revenues, however, compensation may relate to the revenues of UBS Group as a whole, of which
investment banking, sales and trading and principal trading are a part.
Tax treatment depends on the individual circumstances and may be subject to change in the future. UBS does not provide
legal or tax advice and makes no representations as to the tax treatment of assets or the investment returns thereon both in
general or with reference to specific client's circumstances and needs. We are of necessity unable to take into account the

7



Bond markets

particular investment objectives, financial situation and needs of our individual clients and we would recommend that you
take financial and/or tax advice as to the implications (including tax) of investing in any of the products mentioned herein.
This material may not be reproduced or copies circulated without prior authority of UBS. Unless otherwise agreed in writing
UBS expressly prohibits the distribution and transfer of this material to third parties for any reason. UBS accepts no liability
whatsoever for any claims or lawsuits from any third parties arising from the use or distribution of this material. This report
is for distribution only under such circumstances as may be permitted by applicable law. For information on the ways in
which CIO manages conflicts and maintains independence of its investment views and publication offering, and research
and rating methodologies, please visit www.ubs.com/research-methodology. Additional information on the relevant authors
of this publication and other CIO publication(s) referenced in this report; and copies of any past reports on this topic; are
available upon request from your client advisor.
Important Information About Sustainable Investing Strategies: Sustainable investing strategies aim to consider
and incorporate environmental, social and governance (ESG) factors into investment process and portfolio construction.
Strategies across geographies approach ESG analysis and incorporate the findings in a variety of ways. Incorporating ESG
factors or Sustainable Investing considerations may inhibit UBS’s ability to participate in or to advise on certain investment
opportunities that otherwise would be consistent with the Client’s investment objectives. The returns on a portfolio
incorporating ESG factors or Sustainable Investing considerations may be lower or higher than portfolios where ESG factors,
exclusions, or other sustainability issues are not considered by UBS, and the investment opportunities available to such
portfolios may differ.
External Asset Managers / External Financial Consultants: In case this research or publication is provided to an External
Asset Manager or an External Financial Consultant, UBS expressly prohibits that it is redistributed by the External Asset
Manager or the External Financial Consultant and is made available to their clients and/or third parties.
USA: Distributed to US persons only by UBS Financial Services Inc. or UBS Securities LLC, subsidiaries of UBS AG. UBS
Switzerland AG, UBS Europe SE, UBS Bank, S.A., UBS Brasil Administradora de Valores Mobiliarios Ltda, UBS Asesores Mexico,
S.A. de C.V., UBS SuMi TRUST Wealth Management Co., Ltd., UBS Wealth Management Israel Ltd and UBS Menkul Degerler
AS are affiliates of UBS AG. UBS Financial Services Inc. accepts responsibility for the content of a report prepared
by a non-US affiliate when it distributes reports to US persons. All transactions by a US person in the securities
mentioned in this report should be effected through a US-registered broker dealer affiliated with UBS, and not
through a non-US affiliate. The contents of this report have not been and will not be approved by any securities
or investment authority in the United States or elsewhere. UBS Financial Services Inc. is not acting as a municipal
advisor to any municipal entity or obligated person within the meaning of Section 15B of the Securities Exchange
Act (the "Municipal Advisor Rule") and the opinions or views contained herein are not intended to be, and do
not constitute, advice within the meaning of the Municipal Advisor Rule.
For country information, please visit ubs.com/cio-country-disclaimer-gr or ask your client advisor for the full disclaimer.
Additional Disclaimer relevant to Credit Suisse Wealth Management
You receive this document in your capacity as a client of Credit Suisse Wealth Management. Your personal data will be
processed in accordance with the Credit Suisse privacy statement accessible at your domicile through the official Credit
Suisse website https://www.credit-suisse.com. In order to provide you with marketing materials concerning our products
and services, UBS Group AG and its subsidiaries may process your basic personal data (i.e. contact details such as name, e-
mail address) until you notify us that you no longer wish to receive them. You can optout from receiving these materials at
any time by informing your Relationship Manager.
Except as otherwise specified herein and/or depending on the local Credit Suisse entity from which you are receiving this
report, this report is distributed by UBS Switzerland AG, authorised and regulated by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory
Authority (FINMA).
Version D/2024. CIO82652744
© UBS 2025. The key symbol and UBS are among the registered and unregistered trademarks of UBS. All rights reserved.

8

http://www.ubs.com/research-methodology
https://www.ubs.com/global/en/wealthmanagement/insights/chief-investment-office/country-disclaimer-gr.html
https://www.credit-suisse.com/

