
23 April 2025, 06:51PM UTC
Chief Investment Office GWM
Investment Research

Beyond the Big 4 in AI
Blog

Sundeep Gantori, CFA, CAIA, CIO Equity Strategist, UBS AG Singapore Branch
Kevin Dennean, CFA, CIO Equity Strategist, US Technology & Telecom, UBS Financial Services Inc. (UBS FS)
Delwin Kurnia Limas, CFA, Equity Strategist, UBS AG Singapore Branch
Achille Monnet, CIO Equity Sector Strategist, UBS Switzerland AG

We recommend investors not to miss the forest for the trees—the AI market is
clearly broadening both from an adoption and spend point of view. Notably,
we expect the share of AI spend beyond the Big 4 to rise to over 40% in
2025 from below 20% in 2023, thanks to the emergence of new AI players
in China, the rise of neoclouds, and other developments. Hence, we believe
AI industry fundamentals are more resilient than what the recent market
volatility implies. In this blog, we provide a deep dive into the resilient AI
spend and adoption trends and expand the scope of our AI estimates beyond
the Big 4 to introduce global AI forecasts.

Fig. 1: With broadening spend, strong AI capex growth should
continue in 2025 and 2026
We expect global AI capex to grow by 60% in 2025 and 33% in 2026 (USD bn)

.
Source: Company reports, UBS estimates as of April 2025

With 1Q25 reporting around the corner, AI investors are eagerly waiting
for both the spending and adoption data given the roller-coaster ride in
sentiment so far this year. The good news is recent supply chain results and
industry adoption data from the US Census Bureau are reassuring, supporting
our view that AI fundamentals are intact.

 

This report has been prepared by UBS AG Singapore Branch, UBS Financial Services Inc. (UBS FS), UBS Switzerland AG.
Please see important disclaimers and disclosures at the end of the document.



Blog

While we recommend investors to closely monitor the management guidance
from the Big 4 (Microsoft, Amazon, Alphabet, and Meta), it is worth
highlighting that other AI players are now spending at a faster pace and
driving ongoing resilience These new players include those in China following
the success of low-cost models like DeepSeek; neocloud providers like
CoreWeave or Lambda, which run dedicated AI-only data centers; and other
enterprise- and sovereign-based players like Oracle and Softbank. We expect
the combined share of these companies as a percentage of AI spend to rise
from less than 20% in 2023 to more than 40% in 2025. It is therefore
imperative to also track the spending of these companies to assess the
broader risk-reward for AI. The good news is AI spending beyond the Big 4
should grow by more than 80% in 2025 and more than 50% in 2026, based
on our estimates, meaning overall AI growth momentum should continue.

So, we have expanded the scope of our AI estimates beyond the Big 4 to
now introduce global AI spend estimates. As seen in Fig. 1, we expect global
AI spend to increase by 60% y/y in 2025 to reach USD 360bn and 33% in
2026 to reach USD 480bn, with the Big 4’s share of AI spend to decline from
58% in 2025 to 52% in 2026.

The broadening of AI spend is a healthy development for the AI theme, as
reduced concentration should eventually lead to less market volatility. We
expect AI spend beyond the Big 4 to reach a solid USD 150bn in 2025, with
the spending split shown in Fig. 2 based on our estimates. The success of low-
cost models, strong support from the government, and increased use cases in
consumer applications like e-commerce, social media, and advertising should
drive robust spending from China AI; we estimate China will account for 35%
of the USD 150bn in spending in 2025. Neoclouds are another emerging
segment, claiming 25% of the spend given their unique software integration.
Other hyperscalers and enterprise and sovereign cloud providers should drive
the rest.

Fig. 2: With 85% y/y growth, AI capex spend beyond Big 4
should reach solid USD 150bn in 2025
How is the USD 150bn AI capex beyond Big 4 spent in 2025?

.
Source: Company reports, UBS estimates as of April 2025

2



Blog

Globally, within the AI market, we expect AI compute to remain the
dominant spending item (see Fig. 3), but other segments like high-bandwidth
memory (HBM) and elsewhere in tech like networking are gaining traction.
Meanwhile, we expect industrial capex, which includes spend on cooling,
power, and other infrastructure, to drive the rest of the spending. The strong
outlook for industrial capex from the Big 4 and the other AI companies bodes
well for our Power and resources theme.

Fig. 3: How is global AI capex spent by key segments?
2026E spending breakdown

.
Source: Company reports, UBS estimates as of April 2025

While strong capex should continue, investors will likely continue to focus
on AI’s potential return on investment (ROI) in the near term given the
ongoing tariff-related uncertainty and mixed economic outlook. The tug of
war between AI bulls and bears will therefore likely continue throughout
2025. While bears may continue to argue that AI revenues still lag significantly
behind capex (which will likely remain true for this year), bulls may argue that
2025 should witness a sharp improvement in AI’s monetization.

The good news is with more supportive signs emerging, we believe AI
monetization should indeed improve sharply in 2025. First, cloud growth
should stay strong at the leading three platforms—potentially reaching USD
265bn in 2025. As a result, while AI revenues should continue to lag capex
spend in 2025, investors who care more about “delta” will likely be pleased
to see a narrowing in the gap between AI capex and revenues.

Second, while for many companies investing in AI means maximizing revenue
opportunities, for some it's simply about reducing costs thanks to AI's ability
to greatly boost productivity. So we believe measuring the economic value
add from AI, which captures profits, is a better metric to track AI monetization
than simply looking at revenues.

Recent corporate filings from industry leaders that are early AI adopters
like Meta and Klarna (unlisted) are already showing strong productivity
improvements. To measure employee productivity, we compared revenue per

3



Blog

employee metrics since the end of 2022, the year generative AI applications
like ChatGPT were first introduced

Fig. 4: Strong 2-year jump in employee productivity among early
adopters of AI
Revenues per employee in USD mn

.
Source: Company reports, UBS as of March 2025

As seen in Fig. 4, Meta's revenue per employee improved from USD 1.35mn
in 2022 to USD 2.22mn in 2024 (more than 64% improvement in two years).
For Klarna, we see an even stronger improvement from USD 0.34mn to USD
0.82mn (more than 140% improvement in two years). Against this backdrop,
we believe our 30% CAGR estimate for AI compute spending from 2024-29
is reasonable.

The broadening AI trend is also evident in adoption rates, which are
expanding both in terms of industry and size. The recent quarterly report
from the US Census Bureau on the results of its Business Trends and Outlook
Survey, which tracks AI adoption across 1.2 million firms in the US, showed
strong sequential improvement in AI adoption rates. As seen in Fig. 5, the
AI adoption rate rose from 5.7% in 3Q24 to 7.4% in 1Q25, and we expect
it to reach 9.9% by 3Q25 and to cross 10% by the end of the year. To put
this into perspective, it took 24 years for US e-commerce penetration to cross
the 10% threshold.

4



Blog

Fig. 5: Steady growth in US adoption rates
Sep-25 is expected rate based on survey

.
Source: Business Trends and Outlook Survey (BTOS), US Census Bureau, UBS as of April 2025

Delving into the broadening trends, we see a broad-based improvement in
adoption rates across industries. For this purpose, we compared the overall
improvement in US AI adoption rates from 4Q24 to 1Q25 (1.3 percentage
points) and then looked at which industries reported an above-average
improvement in sequential adoption rates (i.e., more than 1.3 percentage
points). Fig. 6 shows the list of the nine key industries with above-average
adoption improvements. While technology adoption is not a surprise, the
inclusion of new industries like media (arts, entertainment, and recreation),
manufacturing, and wholesale trade is encouraging and further supports
the AI adoption story. We are also encouraged to see steady AI adoption
improvement in the health care and financial services sectors, which bodes
well for our Longevity theme and for fintech firms.

5



Blog

Fig. 6: Nine industries are leading with above-average
improvement in AI adoption rates
Industries witnessing the biggest q/q improvement in US AI adoption rate

.
Source: Business Trends and Outlook Survey (BTOS), US Census Bureau, UBS as of April 2025

From a size perspective, while large enterprises continue to lead AI adoption,
it is interesting to note that small enterprises are embracing AI faster than
medium-sized businesses (as seen in Fig. 7)—highlighting the broadening
trend.

Fig. 7: Large enterprises are leading AI adoption in the US
followed by small and then medium-sized enterprises
1Q25 AI adoption rates by size

.
Source: Business Trends and Outlook Survey (BTOS), US Census Bureau, UBS as of April 2025

6



Blog

While large enterprises' AI adoption can be explained by their deeper pockets
and focus on efficiency, the adoption by smaller firms is perhaps best
explained by the extreme automation advantages that computational systems
engender. For instance, the latest breed of AI-based unicorns are able to drive
extreme automation thanks to the suite of generative AI applications and
hence able to disrupt many traditional industries.

In summary, with broadening AI trends, we recommend diversified exposure
across both incumbent big tech companies and other fast-growing
AI beneficiaries like Chinese AI players. We also continue to like AI
semiconductors exposed to compute and memory spend and highlight our
Power and resources theme due to strong AI industrial capex.

7



Blog

Appendix

Risk information
UBS Chief Investment Office's ("CIO") investment views are prepared and published by the Global Wealth Management
business of UBS Switzerland AG (regulated by FINMA in Switzerland) or its affiliates ("UBS"), part of UBS Group AG ("UBS
Group"). UBS Group includes former Credit Suisse AG, its subsidiaries, branches and affiliates. Additional disclaimer relevant
to Credit Suisse Wealth Management follows at the end of this section.
The investment views have been prepared in accordance with legal requirements designed to promote the independence
of investment research.
Generic investment research – Risk information:
This publication is for your information only and is not intended as an offer, or a solicitation of an offer, to buy or sell
any investment or other specific product. The analysis contained herein does not constitute a personal recommendation or
take into account the particular investment objectives, investment strategies, financial situation and needs of any specific
recipient. It is based on numerous assumptions. Different assumptions could result in materially different results. Certain
services and products are subject to legal restrictions and cannot be offered worldwide on an unrestricted basis and/or may
not be eligible for sale to all investors. All information and opinions expressed in this document were obtained from sources
believed to be reliable and in good faith, but no representation or warranty, express or implied, is made as to its accuracy
or completeness (other than disclosures relating to UBS). All information and opinions as well as any forecasts, estimates
and market prices indicated are current as of the date of this report, and are subject to change without notice. Opinions
expressed herein may differ or be contrary to those expressed by other business areas or divisions of UBS as a result of using
different assumptions and/or criteria.
In no circumstances may this document or any of the information (including any forecast, value, index or other calculated
amount ("Values")) be used for any of the following purposes (i) valuation or accounting purposes; (ii) to determine the
amounts due or payable, the price or the value of any financial instrument or financial contract; or (iii) to measure the
performance of any financial instrument including, without limitation, for the purpose of tracking the return or performance
of any Value or of defining the asset allocation of portfolio or of computing performance fees. By receiving this document
and the information you will be deemed to represent and warrant to UBS that you will not use this document or otherwise
rely on any of the information for any of the above purposes. UBS and any of its directors or employees may be entitled at
any time to hold long or short positions in investment instruments referred to herein, carry out transactions involving relevant
investment instruments in the capacity of principal or agent, or provide any other services or have officers, who serve as
directors, either to/for the issuer, the investment instrument itself or to/for any company commercially or financially affiliated
to such issuers. At any time, investment decisions (including whether to buy, sell or hold securities) made by UBS and its
employees may differ from or be contrary to the opinions expressed in UBS research publications. Some investments may not
be readily realizable since the market in the securities is illiquid and therefore valuing the investment and identifying the risk
to which you are exposed may be difficult to quantify. UBS relies on information barriers to control the flow of information
contained in one or more areas within UBS, into other areas, units, divisions or affiliates of UBS. Futures and options trading
is not suitable for every investor as there is a substantial risk of loss, and losses in excess of an initial investment may occur.
Past performance of an investment is no guarantee for its future performance. Additional information will be made available
upon request. Some investments may be subject to sudden and large falls in value and on realization you may receive back
less than you invested or may be required to pay more. Changes in foreign exchange rates may have an adverse effect on
the price, value or income of an investment. The analyst(s) responsible for the preparation of this report may interact with
trading desk personnel, sales personnel and other constituencies for the purpose of gathering, synthesizing and interpreting
market information.
Different areas, groups, and personnel within UBS Group may produce and distribute separate research products
independently of each other. For example, research publications from CIO are produced by UBS Global Wealth
Management. UBS Global Research is produced by UBS Investment Bank. Research methodologies and rating systems
of each separate research organization may differ, for example, in terms of investment recommendations, investment
horizon, model assumptions, and valuation methods. As a consequence, except for certain economic forecasts (for which
UBS CIO and UBS Global Research may collaborate), investment recommendations, ratings, price targets, and valuations
provided by each of the separate research organizations may be different, or inconsistent. You should refer to each relevant
research product for the details as to their methodologies and rating system. Not all clients may have access to all products
from every organization. Each research product is subject to the policies and procedures of the organization that produces it.
The compensation of the analyst(s) who prepared this report is determined exclusively by research management and senior
management (not including investment banking). Analyst compensation is not based on investment banking, sales and
trading or principal trading revenues, however, compensation may relate to the revenues of UBS Group as a whole, of which
investment banking, sales and trading and principal trading are a part.
Tax treatment depends on the individual circumstances and may be subject to change in the future. UBS does not provide
legal or tax advice and makes no representations as to the tax treatment of assets or the investment returns thereon both in
general or with reference to specific client's circumstances and needs. We are of necessity unable to take into account the

8



Blog

particular investment objectives, financial situation and needs of our individual clients and we would recommend that you
take financial and/or tax advice as to the implications (including tax) of investing in any of the products mentioned herein.
This material may not be reproduced or copies circulated without prior authority of UBS. Unless otherwise agreed in writing
UBS expressly prohibits the distribution and transfer of this material to third parties for any reason. UBS accepts no liability
whatsoever for any claims or lawsuits from any third parties arising from the use or distribution of this material. This report
is for distribution only under such circumstances as may be permitted by applicable law. For information on the ways in
which CIO manages conflicts and maintains independence of its investment views and publication offering, and research
and rating methodologies, please visit www.ubs.com/research-methodology. Additional information on the relevant authors
of this publication and other CIO publication(s) referenced in this report; and copies of any past reports on this topic; are
available upon request from your client advisor.
Important Information About Sustainable Investing Strategies: Sustainable investing strategies aim to consider
and incorporate environmental, social and governance (ESG) factors into investment process and portfolio construction.
Strategies across geographies approach ESG analysis and incorporate the findings in a variety of ways. Incorporating ESG
factors or Sustainable Investing considerations may inhibit UBS’s ability to participate in or to advise on certain investment
opportunities that otherwise would be consistent with the Client’s investment objectives. The returns on a portfolio
incorporating ESG factors or Sustainable Investing considerations may be lower or higher than portfolios where ESG factors,
exclusions, or other sustainability issues are not considered by UBS, and the investment opportunities available to such
portfolios may differ.
External Asset Managers / External Financial Consultants: In case this research or publication is provided to an External
Asset Manager or an External Financial Consultant, UBS expressly prohibits that it is redistributed by the External Asset
Manager or the External Financial Consultant and is made available to their clients and/or third parties.
USA: Distributed to US persons only by UBS Financial Services Inc. or UBS Securities LLC, subsidiaries of UBS AG. UBS
Switzerland AG, UBS Europe SE, UBS Bank, S.A., UBS Brasil Administradora de Valores Mobiliarios Ltda, UBS Asesores Mexico,
S.A. de C.V., UBS SuMi TRUST Wealth Management Co., Ltd., UBS Wealth Management Israel Ltd and UBS Menkul Degerler
AS are affiliates of UBS AG. UBS Financial Services Inc. accepts responsibility for the content of a report prepared
by a non-US affiliate when it distributes reports to US persons. All transactions by a US person in the securities
mentioned in this report should be effected through a US-registered broker dealer affiliated with UBS, and not
through a non-US affiliate. The contents of this report have not been and will not be approved by any securities
or investment authority in the United States or elsewhere. UBS Financial Services Inc. is not acting as a municipal
advisor to any municipal entity or obligated person within the meaning of Section 15B of the Securities Exchange
Act (the "Municipal Advisor Rule") and the opinions or views contained herein are not intended to be, and do
not constitute, advice within the meaning of the Municipal Advisor Rule.
For country information, please visit ubs.com/cio-country-disclaimer-gr or ask your client advisor for the full disclaimer.
Additional Disclaimer relevant to Credit Suisse Wealth Management
You receive this document in your capacity as a client of Credit Suisse Wealth Management. Your personal data will be
processed in accordance with the Credit Suisse privacy statement accessible at your domicile through the official Credit
Suisse website https://www.credit-suisse.com. In order to provide you with marketing materials concerning our products
and services, UBS Group AG and its subsidiaries may process your basic personal data (i.e. contact details such as name, e-
mail address) until you notify us that you no longer wish to receive them. You can optout from receiving these materials at
any time by informing your Relationship Manager.
Except as otherwise specified herein and/or depending on the local Credit Suisse entity from which you are receiving this
report, this report is distributed by UBS Switzerland AG, authorised and regulated by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory
Authority (FINMA).
Version D/2024. CIO82652744
© UBS 2025. The key symbol and UBS are among the registered and unregistered trademarks of UBS. All rights reserved.

9

http://www.ubs.com/research-methodology
https://www.ubs.com/global/en/wealthmanagement/insights/chief-investment-office/country-disclaimer-gr.html
https://www.credit-suisse.com/

