
24 April 2025, 02:40PM UTC
Chief Investment Office GWM
Investment Research

US policy uncertainty calls for more forecast
adjustments
Currency markets
 
 Authors: Dominic Schnider, CFA, CAIA, Strategist, UBS Switzerland AG; Constantin Bolz, CFA, Strategist, UBS Switzerland AG; Teck Leng Tan, CFA,
Strategist, UBS AG Singapore Branch; Tilmann Kolb, Analyst, UBS Switzerland AG; Wayne Gordon, Strategist, UBS AG Singapore Branch; Clémence
Dumoncel, Strategist, UBS Switzerland AG; Jessie Ren, Strategist, UBS AG Hong Kong Branch; Patrick Ernst, CFA, FX Strategist, UBS Switzerland AG

• Trump’s tariff decisions have weakened the USD
swiftly since the beginning of April and pushed it
down to our long-term forecasts for key exchange
rates.

• US policy uncertainty is likely to stay high, weighing
further on US exceptionalism. It also leaves the
currency market with a wider-than-usual range of
outcomes for different exchange rates.

• Our new forecasts still leave room for the USD to
consolidate in the short term. However, the longer-
term point of gravity suggests a mid-single-digit
move lower.

Source: UBS

 
More layers of uncertainty
Tariff risks seem to have found a peak, but US policy
uncertainty remains high, as evidenced by the latest
messages from the Trump administration with regard to
the Federal Reserve chair. Comments about the possibility
of Jerome Powell’s removal, followed by a step back from
such a move, have left investors with a bitter aftertaste.
Not surprisingly, gold prices temporarily soared above USD
3,500/oz, while the DXY index slipped below the 100 mark.

The Fed chair story matters…
Even before his election, US President Donald Trump had
said that he was not Powell's biggest fan. In recent
weeks, Trump has entered unchartered territory, by officially
criticizing Powell and doing legal checks on how to remove
him from his post. However, we think Powell’s removal
before the end of his term is unlikely for three reasons:

1) His term ends in May 2026, which gives Trump the
opportunity to name a successor as early as 3Q or 4Q this
year;

2) Trump and his economic advisors should know that
removing the central bank chair could spark unwelcome
financial stability risks; and

US policy uncertainty has been weighing on the
USD
Daily data

Source: Bloomberg, UBS, as of April 2025

This report has been prepared by UBS Switzerland AG, UBS AG Singapore Branch, UBS AG Hong Kong Branch. Please
see important disclaimers and disclosures at the end of the document.



Currency markets

3) The pressure on Powell is likely to ease naturally as weaker
US economic data should allow the Fed to cut rates based
on sliding macroeconomic activity and the Fed’s dual policy
mandate.

The end of Powell’s term will bring its own challenges as
Trump comes closer to naming a successor of his liking and
thinking. The mere idea that Fed independence could be
at risk adds another layer of US uncertainty that we can’t
just put aside. Tariff dynamics since “Liberation Day” have
reminded investors to be prepared for the unthinkable. We
believe this adds to investors’ tail risk considerations with
regard to the Fed at a time that “US exceptionalism” and
the USD are already under pressure.

As for the currency market, the Fed chair debate is likely
to motivate institutional investors to increase their FX
hedges. Notably, European investors have greatly increased
their exposure to US equities in recent years amid the
underperformance of risk assets in Europe. Keeping this in
mind as well as the fact that incremental cash flows could
be invested outside the US, we see reduced potential for a
USD rebound in the short term, and expect the currency to
drift lower over time.

USD weakness has been uneven, mainly versus
advanced economies (G10 currencies)
Daily data

Source: Bloomberg, UBS, as of April 2025

… as well as the US economy’s landing zone
Our base case calls for a tariff deescalation from here as
trade deals are struck. But the lack of certainty, which is
affecting companies’ investment plans, is likely to leave its
mark on gross fixed capital formation and thus the overall US
economy. We reckon that investment growth could almost

stall this year, bringing US GDP growth down to 1.5%, with
negative quarter-over-quarter data readings later in the year.
The risk to this view is to the downside, in our view, with
a growth landing zone around 1%. We think this leaves
room for more Fed rate cuts than what markets are currently
pricing. In short, we would not be surprised if short-term
US yields fall toward 3% by year-end. As the Fed is likely to
start another easing cycle, while the European Central Bank
(ECB) and other central banks are nearing or have reached
the end of their easing cycles, yield differentials are likely to
compress. With the US policy risk premium attached to the
USD remaining unchanged, the point of gravity for the USD
should move lower.

Global growth expectations have yet to find a real
floor
Daily data, Bloomberg consensus estimates

Source: Bloomberg, UBS, as of April 2025

The macro narrative outside the US
Economic growth is set to slow outside the US as well, from
an unfavorable starting point. How big the growth hit will be
in the different economies of the US, Europe, or Asia (China)
is difficult to forecast at this stage as we lack historical
references. We think this also means markets can reinterpret
the current macroeconomic and policy backdrops from
opposite perspectives. So, investors should have an open
mind about the near-term economic outlook.

But despite all this uncertainty, the ongoing tariff spat
between China and the US could make Europe a relative
winner. Europe is not very high up on the US tariff list and
the Trump administration is likely to strike a trade deal of
some sort with the Eurozone in due course—most likely
earlier and on better terms than with China. Second, the
ECB has more than halved its policy rate over the past 12

2



Currency markets

months and is already close to its neutral policy rate. We
think this should provide a lift to the economic outlook.
Furthermore, recent announcements of meaningful fiscal
easing in Germany and the rest of the Eurozone mean fiscal
support is already in the pipeline. All this leaves the EUR
and its regional peers in a better position than the USD,
in our view. Some regional currency peers like the Scandis,
which have suffered from the recent market sell-off, find
themselves at an even better starting point to profit from
the European fiscal and monetary stimulus measures.

Rate-cut dynamics in 2H could be uneven
Values in %, daily data

Source: Bloomberg, UBS, as of April 2025

Our new forecasts in short
We lowered our US dollar forecasts across the board. The
EURUSD forecasts have been lifted to 1.14 in June, 1.16
in September, 1.16 in December, and 1.18 in March 2026.
As we left our EURCHF and EURGBP forecasts unchanged,
this translates into new USDCHF forecasts of 0.83, 0.82,
0.82, and 0.81 and new GBPUSD forecasts of 1.36, 1.38,
1.38, and 1.39 for the same forecast periods. Our USDCAD
forecasts were lowered to 1.40, 1.38, 1.38, and 1.36.

In Asia-Pacific, we have lowered our forecasts for key
currency pairs. USDJPY targets have been shifted lower to
144, 142, 140, and 138. As for the AUDUSD and the
NZDUSD, our new quarter-end forecasts through March
2026 stand at 0.64, 0.66, 0.68, and 0.70; and 0.60, 0.61,
0.62, and 0.64, respectively. Our USDCNY forecasts were
changed slightly to 7.30, 7.25, 7.20, and 7.15.

With these forecasts in place, we like to sell the USD on
strength. Our currencies of choice would be the laggards
like the AUD, NOK, or GBP. Risk-off currencies, which have
performed particularly well recently, should underperform

as their safe-haven appeal fades and investors focus more
on their negative carry. Alternatively, we like the higher
option-volatility backdrop for volatility-selling strategies. In
particular, we like to sell the USD’s upside potential for
yield pickup. The aforementioned currencies (AUD, NOK,
and GBP) can also be used against the EUR or CHF to beef
up meager money market returns.

New FX Forecasts

Source: Bloomberg, UBS, as of April 2025

Old FX Forecasts

Source: Bloomberg, UBS, as of April 2025

Risks around our forecasts
First and foremost, the dynamics of exchange rates
have become more volatile and intraday ranges have
doubled lately across G10 currencies. Hence, exchange rate
fluctuations around our forecasts are naturally larger.

3



Currency markets

Daily exchange rate ranges in USD currency pairs
temporarily more than doubled compared to long-
term averages
Daily data

Source: Bloomberg, UBS, as of April 2025

If the US administration strikes sooner and makes more
meaningful trade deals in the coming weeks, bringing US
policy uncertainty down sharply, we could see a rebound of
the USD to our previous forecasts of 1.10 for the EURUSD
and 0.86 for the USDCHF, while the USDJPY could move to
150 again.

Conversely, a quicker or more severe weakening of the
US economy, or in the worst-case scenario the removal
of the Fed chair by the president leading to the central
bank losing itss independence would push the EURUSD
quickly into a 1.20-1.25 range, which would bring the
currency pair to its purchasing power parity fair value near
1.25. In such a situation, safe-haven currencies would likely
lead the performance table again, with the EURCHF falling
further and the EURGBP grinding higher, while the USDJPY
would approach the 130 level faster and the USDCHF would
gravitate into a 0.75-0.80 range.

4



Currency markets

Appendix

Risk information
UBS Chief Investment Office's ("CIO") investment views are prepared and published by the Global Wealth Management
business of UBS Switzerland AG (regulated by FINMA in Switzerland) or its affiliates ("UBS"), part of UBS Group AG ("UBS
Group"). UBS Group includes former Credit Suisse AG, its subsidiaries, branches and affiliates. Additional disclaimer relevant
to Credit Suisse Wealth Management follows at the end of this section.
The investment views have been prepared in accordance with legal requirements designed to promote the independence
of investment research.
Generic investment research – Risk information:
This publication is for your information only and is not intended as an offer, or a solicitation of an offer, to buy or sell
any investment or other specific product. The analysis contained herein does not constitute a personal recommendation or
take into account the particular investment objectives, investment strategies, financial situation and needs of any specific
recipient. It is based on numerous assumptions. Different assumptions could result in materially different results. Certain
services and products are subject to legal restrictions and cannot be offered worldwide on an unrestricted basis and/or may
not be eligible for sale to all investors. All information and opinions expressed in this document were obtained from sources
believed to be reliable and in good faith, but no representation or warranty, express or implied, is made as to its accuracy
or completeness (other than disclosures relating to UBS). All information and opinions as well as any forecasts, estimates
and market prices indicated are current as of the date of this report, and are subject to change without notice. Opinions
expressed herein may differ or be contrary to those expressed by other business areas or divisions of UBS as a result of using
different assumptions and/or criteria.
In no circumstances may this document or any of the information (including any forecast, value, index or other calculated
amount ("Values")) be used for any of the following purposes (i) valuation or accounting purposes; (ii) to determine the
amounts due or payable, the price or the value of any financial instrument or financial contract; or (iii) to measure the
performance of any financial instrument including, without limitation, for the purpose of tracking the return or performance
of any Value or of defining the asset allocation of portfolio or of computing performance fees. By receiving this document
and the information you will be deemed to represent and warrant to UBS that you will not use this document or otherwise
rely on any of the information for any of the above purposes. UBS and any of its directors or employees may be entitled at
any time to hold long or short positions in investment instruments referred to herein, carry out transactions involving relevant
investment instruments in the capacity of principal or agent, or provide any other services or have officers, who serve as
directors, either to/for the issuer, the investment instrument itself or to/for any company commercially or financially affiliated
to such issuers. At any time, investment decisions (including whether to buy, sell or hold securities) made by UBS and its
employees may differ from or be contrary to the opinions expressed in UBS research publications. Some investments may not
be readily realizable since the market in the securities is illiquid and therefore valuing the investment and identifying the risk
to which you are exposed may be difficult to quantify. UBS relies on information barriers to control the flow of information
contained in one or more areas within UBS, into other areas, units, divisions or affiliates of UBS. Futures and options trading
is not suitable for every investor as there is a substantial risk of loss, and losses in excess of an initial investment may occur.
Past performance of an investment is no guarantee for its future performance. Additional information will be made available
upon request. Some investments may be subject to sudden and large falls in value and on realization you may receive back
less than you invested or may be required to pay more. Changes in foreign exchange rates may have an adverse effect on
the price, value or income of an investment. The analyst(s) responsible for the preparation of this report may interact with
trading desk personnel, sales personnel and other constituencies for the purpose of gathering, synthesizing and interpreting
market information.
Different areas, groups, and personnel within UBS Group may produce and distribute separate research products
independently of each other. For example, research publications from CIO are produced by UBS Global Wealth
Management. UBS Global Research is produced by UBS Investment Bank. Research methodologies and rating systems
of each separate research organization may differ, for example, in terms of investment recommendations, investment
horizon, model assumptions, and valuation methods. As a consequence, except for certain economic forecasts (for which
UBS CIO and UBS Global Research may collaborate), investment recommendations, ratings, price targets, and valuations
provided by each of the separate research organizations may be different, or inconsistent. You should refer to each relevant
research product for the details as to their methodologies and rating system. Not all clients may have access to all products
from every organization. Each research product is subject to the policies and procedures of the organization that produces it.
The compensation of the analyst(s) who prepared this report is determined exclusively by research management and senior
management (not including investment banking). Analyst compensation is not based on investment banking, sales and
trading or principal trading revenues, however, compensation may relate to the revenues of UBS Group as a whole, of which
investment banking, sales and trading and principal trading are a part.
Tax treatment depends on the individual circumstances and may be subject to change in the future. UBS does not provide
legal or tax advice and makes no representations as to the tax treatment of assets or the investment returns thereon both in
general or with reference to specific client's circumstances and needs. We are of necessity unable to take into account the

5



Currency markets

particular investment objectives, financial situation and needs of our individual clients and we would recommend that you
take financial and/or tax advice as to the implications (including tax) of investing in any of the products mentioned herein.
This material may not be reproduced or copies circulated without prior authority of UBS. Unless otherwise agreed in writing
UBS expressly prohibits the distribution and transfer of this material to third parties for any reason. UBS accepts no liability
whatsoever for any claims or lawsuits from any third parties arising from the use or distribution of this material. This report
is for distribution only under such circumstances as may be permitted by applicable law. For information on the ways in
which CIO manages conflicts and maintains independence of its investment views and publication offering, and research
and rating methodologies, please visit www.ubs.com/research-methodology. Additional information on the relevant authors
of this publication and other CIO publication(s) referenced in this report; and copies of any past reports on this topic; are
available upon request from your client advisor.
Important Information About Sustainable Investing Strategies: Sustainable investing strategies aim to consider
and incorporate environmental, social and governance (ESG) factors into investment process and portfolio construction.
Strategies across geographies approach ESG analysis and incorporate the findings in a variety of ways. Incorporating ESG
factors or Sustainable Investing considerations may inhibit UBS’s ability to participate in or to advise on certain investment
opportunities that otherwise would be consistent with the Client’s investment objectives. The returns on a portfolio
incorporating ESG factors or Sustainable Investing considerations may be lower or higher than portfolios where ESG factors,
exclusions, or other sustainability issues are not considered by UBS, and the investment opportunities available to such
portfolios may differ.
External Asset Managers / External Financial Consultants: In case this research or publication is provided to an External
Asset Manager or an External Financial Consultant, UBS expressly prohibits that it is redistributed by the External Asset
Manager or the External Financial Consultant and is made available to their clients and/or third parties.
USA: Distributed to US persons only by UBS Financial Services Inc. or UBS Securities LLC, subsidiaries of UBS AG. UBS
Switzerland AG, UBS Europe SE, UBS Bank, S.A., UBS Brasil Administradora de Valores Mobiliarios Ltda, UBS Asesores Mexico,
S.A. de C.V., UBS SuMi TRUST Wealth Management Co., Ltd., UBS Wealth Management Israel Ltd and UBS Menkul Degerler
AS are affiliates of UBS AG. UBS Financial Services Inc. accepts responsibility for the content of a report prepared
by a non-US affiliate when it distributes reports to US persons. All transactions by a US person in the securities
mentioned in this report should be effected through a US-registered broker dealer affiliated with UBS, and not
through a non-US affiliate. The contents of this report have not been and will not be approved by any securities
or investment authority in the United States or elsewhere. UBS Financial Services Inc. is not acting as a municipal
advisor to any municipal entity or obligated person within the meaning of Section 15B of the Securities Exchange
Act (the "Municipal Advisor Rule") and the opinions or views contained herein are not intended to be, and do
not constitute, advice within the meaning of the Municipal Advisor Rule.
For country information, please visit ubs.com/cio-country-disclaimer-gr or ask your client advisor for the full disclaimer.
Additional Disclaimer relevant to Credit Suisse Wealth Management
You receive this document in your capacity as a client of Credit Suisse Wealth Management. Your personal data will be
processed in accordance with the Credit Suisse privacy statement accessible at your domicile through the official Credit
Suisse website https://www.credit-suisse.com. In order to provide you with marketing materials concerning our products
and services, UBS Group AG and its subsidiaries may process your basic personal data (i.e. contact details such as name, e-
mail address) until you notify us that you no longer wish to receive them. You can optout from receiving these materials at
any time by informing your Relationship Manager.
Except as otherwise specified herein and/or depending on the local Credit Suisse entity from which you are receiving this
report, this report is distributed by UBS Switzerland AG, authorised and regulated by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory
Authority (FINMA).
Version D/2024. CIO82652744
© UBS 2025. The key symbol and UBS are among the registered and unregistered trademarks of UBS. All rights reserved.

6

http://www.ubs.com/research-methodology
https://www.ubs.com/global/en/wealthmanagement/insights/chief-investment-office/country-disclaimer-gr.html
https://www.credit-suisse.com/

