
24 April 2025, 04:31PM UTC
Chief Investment Office GWM
Investment Research

Private equity
CIO View: Private equity

Karim Cherif, Head Alternative Investments, UBS Switzerland AG
Antoinette Zuidweg, Alternative Investments Strategist, UBS Switzerland AG
Daniel J. Scansaroli, Head of Portfolio Strategy & UBS Wealth Way Solutions, CIO Americas, UBS Financial Services Inc. (UBS FS)
Jennifer Liu, Private Markets Strategist, UBS Financial Services Inc. (UBS FS)

• Private equity (PE) sponsors have demonstrated an ability to adapt
to changing market dynamics, to support underlying portfolio
companies in periods of stress and to proactively deploy capital in
dislocations.

• Historically, crisis vintages have been associated with higher
returns. As investors balance short-term worries versus long-term
opportunities, we think the strategic appeal of private equity as a
source of differentiation and return enhancements remains valid.

• Our positioning remains intact. We continue to favor managers
with a proven track record in value creation with a special eye on
complex transactions such as carve-out and divestitures. We also
still like secondaries, which could see a renewed supply of discounts
as investors seek liquidity.

Private equity in the current environment
• 1Q25 has been characterized by increased uncertainty in public and

private markets amid change in the US administration and policy
shifts on tariffs and global trade. “Liberation Day” and the following
announcement of US trade tariffs on all its major partners on 2 April
have brought additional challenges and uncertainty PE investors will
have to deal with in the short to intermediate term. The last quarters of
2024 indicated a pickup in private equity momentum (exits, acquisitions,
and valuations). 2025 is now set to experience a change in trend.

• This is already visible in 1Q25 data. Pitchbook indicates that completed
PE deals in the US are running ~20% slower in 1Q25 compared to
1Q24. Early in the year, sponsors adopted a wait-and-see approach,
delaying decision-making until more clarity is shed on the new operating
environment. They are now focused on assessing first- and second-order
effects of tariffs on underlying businesses, while seeking alternatives
to potential supply chain dependencies. This means both acquisitions
and realizations will likely remain on pause and the spread between
buyers and sellers could widen again. Distribution delays may extend
until meaningful interest rate cuts, combined with President Trump's
next phase of policy rollout (deregulation and lower taxes), incentivize
more transactions.

• As for public markets, tariffs and their potential to slow down the global
economy are negative for private company profit margins, cash flows,
and earnings. The extent to which private companies will be affected
will be dependent on their sector of activity, the lasting impact of tariffs,
and the resilience of the economy and the US consumer. Private equity
assets, however, can be more domestically orientated and less geared
to import- and export-reliant industries, providing some offset to the

 

Source: Getty images

Fig. 1: Private equity deal counts
declined amid uncertainty
US private equity deal value in USD bn (lhs) and deal
count (rhs)

Source: Pitchbook, UBS, April 2025

Fig 2: Compared to public markets,
private equity valuations have
remained mostly stable over the last 24
months
Private vs. public market returns, full-year 2022 and
2023, and year-to-date through 3Q24

Source: Cambridge Associates Private Equity Benchmarks,
Bloomberg, UBS, April 2025

This report has been prepared by UBS Switzerland AG, UBS Financial Services Inc. (UBS FS). Please see important
disclaimers and disclosures that begin on page 5.



Private equity

tariff hits. For instance, businesses focused on physical consumer goods
are more at risk than those generating revenues from mission-critical
enterprise services.

• On a positive note, high valuations are a lesser risk in private equity.
While public markets rallied to new highs in the past 24 months in
comparison, PE entry multiples have shown more stability. As of 3Q24,
valuations were moderately improving compared to 2023 at around 12x
but still well below public market multiples. Private valuations typically
follow those of public market investments with a lag. If public equity
markets remain depressed, downward adjustments should be expected,
but the risks look more contained than what public markets experienced
in the past few days.

• Our positioning remains intact. Entering 2025, we favored managers
focused on middle-market companies where valuations looked
particularly attractive and where leverage use is generally lower. This
recommendation remains valid and could benefit from the next phase
of Trump’s policy rollout given the more domestic orientation of these
businesses. Managers with a proven track record in value creation with
a special eye on complex transactions such as carve-out and divestitures
should also benefit from increased deal flow as companies review their
strategic priorities and shed non-core assets to raise capital. Finally,
secondary funds could see fresh supply of discounted deals prompted
by some investors seeking liquidity solutions amid forced portfolio
adjustment decisions (“denominator effect”).

• Stagflation followed by an outright recession are key risks to monitor
as part of CIO’s downside scenario in the coming months. PE sponsors
historically have demonstrated an ability to adapt to changing market
dynamics, to support underlying portfolio companies in periods of
stress, and to proactively deploy capital in dislocations. This time should
be no different. Historically, crisis vintages have been associated with
higher returns. As investors balance short-term worries versus long-term
opportunities, we think the strategic appeal of private equity as a source
of differentiation and return enhancements remains valid. They should
nevertheless review their portfolios and seek to identify potential drifts
in risk, expected returns, and tolerance for illiquidity.

Positive drivers
• Resilient corporate fundamentals: Private company earnings and

revenues entering 2025 were solid overall. PE assets are often more
domestically orientated and less geared to import and export reliant
industries providing some offset to tariff hits.

• Attractive valuations: Compared to public markets, PE valuations
have been stable over the past 24 months.

• Fed rate-cutting cycle: Lower interest rates would help ease funding
costs and support transaction activity.

2



Private equity

Negative drivers
• Recession risks : Tariffs have increased recession risks, which could

negatively affect underlying portfolio company fundamentals.

• Higher for longer: Delays in rate cuts may limit the ability to support
or finance deals.

• Political uncertainty: This is a drag on transactions and due diligence
processes.

• Exit environment: A growing backlog of deals for sale, lengthening
fund terms, and delayed exits may ultimately impact internal rates of
returns (IRRs).

Considerations before investing
• When investing in alternative investments, investors must always be

aware of the risks inherent to the asset class, such as a lack of liquidity,
lack of control, limited disclosure, blind pool risk, uncertain cash flows,
and the use of leverage.

3



Non-Traditional Assets 

Non-traditional asset classes are alternative investments that include hedge funds, private equity, real estate, and 
managed futures (collectively, alternative investments). Interests of alternative investment funds are sold only to qualified 
investors, and only by means of offering documents that include information about the risks, performance and expenses of 
alternative investment funds, and which clients are urged to read carefully before subscribing and retain. An investment in an 
alternative investment fund is speculative and involves significant risks. Specifically, these investments (1) are not mutual funds 
and are not subject to the same regulatory requirements as mutual funds; (2) may have performance that is volatile, and 
investors may lose all or a substantial amount of their investment; (3) may engage in leverage and other speculative investment 
practices that may increase the risk of investment loss; (4) are long-term, illiquid investments, there is generally no secondary 
market for the interests of a fund, and none is expected to develop; (5) interests of alternative investment funds typically will be 
illiquid and subject to restrictions on transfer; (6) may not be required to provide periodic pricing or valuation information to 
investors; (7) generally involve complex tax strategies and there may be delays in distributing tax information to investors; (8) 
are subject to high fees, including management fees and other fees and expenses, all of which will reduce profits. 

Interests in alternative investment funds are not deposits or obligations of, or guaranteed or endorsed by, any bank or other 
insured depository institution, and are not federally insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, the Federal Reserve 
Board, or any other governmental agency. Prospective investors should understand these risks and have the financial ability and 
willingness to accept them for an extended period of time before making an investment in an alternative investment fund and 
should consider an alternative investment fund as a supplement to an overall investment program. 

In addition to the risks that apply to alternative investments generally, the following are additional risks related to an 
investment in these strategies: 

• Hedge Fund Risk: There are risks specifically associated with investing in hedge funds, which may include risks associated
with investing in short sales, options, small-cap stocks, “junk bonds,” derivatives, distressed securities, non-U.S. securities
and illiquid investments.

• Managed Futures: There are risks specifically associated with investing in managed futures programs. For example, not all
managers focus on all strategies at all times, and managed futures strategies may have material directional elements.

• Real Estate: There are risks specifically associated with investing in real estate products and real estate investment trusts.
They involve risks associated with debt, adverse changes in general economic or local market conditions, changes in
governmental, tax, real estate and zoning laws or regulations, risks associated with capital calls and, for some real estate
products, the risks associated with the ability to qualify for favorable treatment under the federal tax laws.

• Private Equity: There are risks specifically associated with investing in private equity. Capital calls can be made on short
notice, and the failure to meet capital calls can result in significant adverse consequences including, but not limited to, a
total loss of investment.

• Foreign Exchange/Currency Risk: Investors in securities of issuers located outside of the United States should be aware that
even for securities denominated in U.S. dollars, changes in the exchange rate between the U.S. dollar and the issuer’s “home”
currency can have unexpected effects on the market value and liquidity of those securities. Those securities may also be
affected by other risks (such as political, economic or regulatory changes) that may not be readily known to a U.S. investor.

1637698_9e59b9c0-36c5-4281-9499-1bede5204ae4.pdf



Private equity

Appendix

Risk information
UBS Chief Investment Office's ("CIO") investment views are prepared and published by the Global Wealth Management
business of UBS Switzerland AG (regulated by FINMA in Switzerland) or its affiliates ("UBS"), part of UBS Group AG ("UBS
Group"). UBS Group includes former Credit Suisse AG, its subsidiaries, branches and affiliates. Additional disclaimer relevant
to Credit Suisse Wealth Management follows at the end of this section.
The investment views have been prepared in accordance with legal requirements designed to promote the independence
of investment research.
Generic investment research – Risk information:
This publication is for your information only and is not intended as an offer, or a solicitation of an offer, to buy or sell
any investment or other specific product. The analysis contained herein does not constitute a personal recommendation or
take into account the particular investment objectives, investment strategies, financial situation and needs of any specific
recipient. It is based on numerous assumptions. Different assumptions could result in materially different results. Certain
services and products are subject to legal restrictions and cannot be offered worldwide on an unrestricted basis and/or may
not be eligible for sale to all investors. All information and opinions expressed in this document were obtained from sources
believed to be reliable and in good faith, but no representation or warranty, express or implied, is made as to its accuracy
or completeness (other than disclosures relating to UBS). All information and opinions as well as any forecasts, estimates
and market prices indicated are current as of the date of this report, and are subject to change without notice. Opinions
expressed herein may differ or be contrary to those expressed by other business areas or divisions of UBS as a result of using
different assumptions and/or criteria.
In no circumstances may this document or any of the information (including any forecast, value, index or other calculated
amount ("Values")) be used for any of the following purposes (i) valuation or accounting purposes; (ii) to determine the
amounts due or payable, the price or the value of any financial instrument or financial contract; or (iii) to measure the
performance of any financial instrument including, without limitation, for the purpose of tracking the return or performance
of any Value or of defining the asset allocation of portfolio or of computing performance fees. By receiving this document
and the information you will be deemed to represent and warrant to UBS that you will not use this document or otherwise
rely on any of the information for any of the above purposes. UBS and any of its directors or employees may be entitled at
any time to hold long or short positions in investment instruments referred to herein, carry out transactions involving relevant
investment instruments in the capacity of principal or agent, or provide any other services or have officers, who serve as
directors, either to/for the issuer, the investment instrument itself or to/for any company commercially or financially affiliated
to such issuers. At any time, investment decisions (including whether to buy, sell or hold securities) made by UBS and its
employees may differ from or be contrary to the opinions expressed in UBS research publications. Some investments may not
be readily realizable since the market in the securities is illiquid and therefore valuing the investment and identifying the risk
to which you are exposed may be difficult to quantify. UBS relies on information barriers to control the flow of information
contained in one or more areas within UBS, into other areas, units, divisions or affiliates of UBS. Futures and options trading
is not suitable for every investor as there is a substantial risk of loss, and losses in excess of an initial investment may occur.
Past performance of an investment is no guarantee for its future performance. Additional information will be made available
upon request. Some investments may be subject to sudden and large falls in value and on realization you may receive back
less than you invested or may be required to pay more. Changes in foreign exchange rates may have an adverse effect on
the price, value or income of an investment. The analyst(s) responsible for the preparation of this report may interact with
trading desk personnel, sales personnel and other constituencies for the purpose of gathering, synthesizing and interpreting
market information.
Different areas, groups, and personnel within UBS Group may produce and distribute separate research products
independently of each other. For example, research publications from CIO are produced by UBS Global Wealth
Management. UBS Global Research is produced by UBS Investment Bank. Research methodologies and rating systems
of each separate research organization may differ, for example, in terms of investment recommendations, investment
horizon, model assumptions, and valuation methods. As a consequence, except for certain economic forecasts (for which
UBS CIO and UBS Global Research may collaborate), investment recommendations, ratings, price targets, and valuations
provided by each of the separate research organizations may be different, or inconsistent. You should refer to each relevant
research product for the details as to their methodologies and rating system. Not all clients may have access to all products
from every organization. Each research product is subject to the policies and procedures of the organization that produces it.
The compensation of the analyst(s) who prepared this report is determined exclusively by research management and senior
management (not including investment banking). Analyst compensation is not based on investment banking, sales and
trading or principal trading revenues, however, compensation may relate to the revenues of UBS Group as a whole, of which
investment banking, sales and trading and principal trading are a part.
Tax treatment depends on the individual circumstances and may be subject to change in the future. UBS does not provide
legal or tax advice and makes no representations as to the tax treatment of assets or the investment returns thereon both in

5



Private equity

general or with reference to specific client's circumstances and needs. We are of necessity unable to take into account the
particular investment objectives, financial situation and needs of our individual clients and we would recommend that you
take financial and/or tax advice as to the implications (including tax) of investing in any of the products mentioned herein.
This material may not be reproduced or copies circulated without prior authority of UBS. Unless otherwise agreed in writing
UBS expressly prohibits the distribution and transfer of this material to third parties for any reason. UBS accepts no liability
whatsoever for any claims or lawsuits from any third parties arising from the use or distribution of this material. This report
is for distribution only under such circumstances as may be permitted by applicable law. For information on the ways in
which CIO manages conflicts and maintains independence of its investment views and publication offering, and research
and rating methodologies, please visit www.ubs.com/research-methodology. Additional information on the relevant authors
of this publication and other CIO publication(s) referenced in this report; and copies of any past reports on this topic; are
available upon request from your client advisor.
Important Information About Sustainable Investing Strategies: Sustainable investing strategies aim to consider
and incorporate environmental, social and governance (ESG) factors into investment process and portfolio construction.
Strategies across geographies approach ESG analysis and incorporate the findings in a variety of ways. Incorporating ESG
factors or Sustainable Investing considerations may inhibit UBS’s ability to participate in or to advise on certain investment
opportunities that otherwise would be consistent with the Client’s investment objectives. The returns on a portfolio
incorporating ESG factors or Sustainable Investing considerations may be lower or higher than portfolios where ESG factors,
exclusions, or other sustainability issues are not considered by UBS, and the investment opportunities available to such
portfolios may differ.
External Asset Managers / External Financial Consultants: In case this research or publication is provided to an External
Asset Manager or an External Financial Consultant, UBS expressly prohibits that it is redistributed by the External Asset
Manager or the External Financial Consultant and is made available to their clients and/or third parties.
USA: Distributed to US persons only by UBS Financial Services Inc. or UBS Securities LLC, subsidiaries of UBS AG. UBS
Switzerland AG, UBS Europe SE, UBS Bank, S.A., UBS Brasil Administradora de Valores Mobiliarios Ltda, UBS Asesores Mexico,
S.A. de C.V., UBS SuMi TRUST Wealth Management Co., Ltd., UBS Wealth Management Israel Ltd and UBS Menkul Degerler
AS are affiliates of UBS AG. UBS Financial Services Inc. accepts responsibility for the content of a report prepared
by a non-US affiliate when it distributes reports to US persons. All transactions by a US person in the securities
mentioned in this report should be effected through a US-registered broker dealer affiliated with UBS, and not
through a non-US affiliate. The contents of this report have not been and will not be approved by any securities
or investment authority in the United States or elsewhere. UBS Financial Services Inc. is not acting as a municipal
advisor to any municipal entity or obligated person within the meaning of Section 15B of the Securities Exchange
Act (the "Municipal Advisor Rule") and the opinions or views contained herein are not intended to be, and do
not constitute, advice within the meaning of the Municipal Advisor Rule.
For country information, please visit ubs.com/cio-country-disclaimer-gr or ask your client advisor for the full disclaimer.
Additional Disclaimer relevant to Credit Suisse Wealth Management
You receive this document in your capacity as a client of Credit Suisse Wealth Management. Your personal data will be
processed in accordance with the Credit Suisse privacy statement accessible at your domicile through the official Credit
Suisse website https://www.credit-suisse.com. In order to provide you with marketing materials concerning our products
and services, UBS Group AG and its subsidiaries may process your basic personal data (i.e. contact details such as name, e-
mail address) until you notify us that you no longer wish to receive them. You can optout from receiving these materials at
any time by informing your Relationship Manager.
Except as otherwise specified herein and/or depending on the local Credit Suisse entity from which you are receiving this
report, this report is distributed by UBS Switzerland AG, authorised and regulated by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory
Authority (FINMA).
Version D/2024. CIO82652744
© UBS 2025. The key symbol and UBS are among the registered and unregistered trademarks of UBS. All rights reserved.

6

http://www.ubs.com/research-methodology
https://www.ubs.com/global/en/wealthmanagement/insights/chief-investment-office/country-disclaimer-gr.html
https://www.credit-suisse.com/

