
UBS House View
Monthly Letter  |  24 April 2025  |  Chief Investment Office GWM, Investment Research 

Mark Haefele
Chief Investment Officer
Global Wealth Management

 Follow me on LinkedIn
linkedin.com/in/markhaefele

Summary

Still exceptional?

The concept of US excep-
tionalism is facing scrutiny. 
Policy uncertainty has added 
to the recent market 
volatility.

Scope for a rebound

We expect the S&P 500 to 
recover over the balance of 
the year as tariff uncer-
tainty eases and the Fed 
likely cuts interest rates.

Balance risk and 
opportunity

Investors should consider 
regional diversification to 
balance innovation oppor-
tunities in the US with the 
risks to the market. 

Asset allocation

We rate US equities as 
Attractive. We also like 
quality bonds, and see gold 
and hedge funds as appeal-
ing portfolio diversifiers.

Managing exceptionalism
Throughout history, US exceptionalism has been a significant theme in financial 
markets. However, this concept is facing scrutiny in 2025.

According to the Global Investment Returns Yearbook 2025, an investment of one 
dollar in US equities in 1900 would have grown to USD 2,911 in real (after infla-
tion) terms by the end of 2024, compared to USD 194 for ex-US equities over the 
same period. From 2020 to 2024, US equities (MSCI USA) outperformed ex-US 
equities (MSCI AC World ex-US) by 72 percentage points, driven by a post-
pandemic boom that saw nominal US GDP rise roughly 35% alongside strong cor-
porate earnings growth and rapid technological advances.

Yet, US equities have underperformed ex-US equities by around 15 percentage 
points year to date. The US dollar and US Treasuries have deviated from historical 
patterns and declined amid recent volatility. The relative steepening of the 
US Treasury yield curve indicates that investors are demanding an additional risk 
premium on longer-term US government debt. 

On the economic front, trade tariffs are expected to affect the US more signifi-
cantly than most other global economies. Additional restrictions may limit the 
operations of US multinational companies globally. Beyond tariffs, Europe and 
China appear to be better positioned to provide monetary and fiscal stimulus, 
given the US deficit and central bank policy complications caused by tariff-driven 
inflation.

At the same time, the many innovative companies present in the US equity market 
are likely to remain a key driver of global profit growth in the years ahead. A well-
diversified global portfolio should still include substantial exposure to the world’s 
largest economy and most developed financial market. And nearer term, we see 

Our views, live with Q&A
The next CIO global livestream 
will take place on 29 April.  
Join here or watch the replay.

This report has been prepared by UBS AG.  
Please see important disclaimers and  disclosures 
at the end of the document. 

https://www.linkedin.com/in/markhaefele/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/markhaefele/
https://www.ubs.com/global/en/wealth-management/chief-investment-office/cio-livestream.html


Managing exceptionalism

2April 2025 – UBS House View Monthly Letter

scope for a tactical recovery in US risk assets, as has often been the case histori-
cally following periods of high volatility and investor pessimism.

In the remainder of this letter, I consider the risks to US exceptionalism, why we 
believe US assets should nonetheless remain at the core of well-diversified global 
portfolios, and how investors can balance the risks and opportunities currently 
present in US assets. 

Changes in the global landscape should be a time for investors to pause, take 
stock, and consider their asset allocations. In short, we believe investors who 
entered 2025 underexposed to US stocks should use the recent sell-off to progres-
sively build strategic exposure, while those with outsized exposure should look at 
global diversification opportunities. 

To manage near-term volatility, we believe that investors should take advantage of 
attractive yields on US quality bonds to lock in durable income, while also consid-
ering diversifying to include gold, hedge funds, and other global fixed income 
markets. Finally, though the US dollar looks oversold in the near term, we believe 
investors should prepare to reduce US dollar exposure (including by hedging USD 
assets) in the event of near-term rallies, to improve the long-term risk-return pro-
file of portfolios.

Figure 1

US equities outperformed ex-US equities since the start of the decade before 

underperforming in 2025
MSCI US and MSCI ACWI ex-US index, rebased, 31 December 2019 = 100

Exceptionalism under question

No longer “exceptional” growth
Over the past 25 years, US economic growth has outpaced that of other devel-
oped economies, helped by relatively strong productivity gains, higher population 
growth, and rising investment. From 2000 to 2024, US real GDP grew at an 

Investors who are underexposed 
to US stocks can use the recent 
sell-off to progres sively build 
strategic exposure.

Source: Bloomberg, UBS, as of April 2025

2020 2022 2024

200

160

180

140

100

120

80

60

MSCI ACWI ex-USMSCI US

US economic growth has 
outpaced that of other developed 
economies over the past 25 years.



Managing exceptionalism

3April 2025 – UBS House View Monthly Letter

average annual rate of approximately 2.2%, compared to 1.4% for the Eurozone 
and 0.7% for Japan.

Looking forward, we believe that tariffs are likely to have a relatively larger impact 
on the US economy than on most other large global economies. In our base case, 
we now expect US economic growth of 1.5% in 2025 versus the expectation of 
more than 2% growth we held earlier this year. We expect growth of 0.7% for 
the Eurozone in 2025 (around 0.2 ppt weaker than when we entered the year) 
and below 4% for China (roughly 0.5 ppt weaker).

If maintained, tariffs are also likely to adversely affect the US’s long-term growth 
potential. The imposition of tariffs not only disrupts current trade flows, but is also 
likely to discourage investment and erode productivity in the US tradeable 
goods sector.

US policy more constrained
The US economy outperformed developed market peers after both the global 
financial crisis and the pandemic in part owing to the effective combined use of 
monetary and fiscal stimulus. The US government’s fiscal response to the pan-
demic totaled an estimated USD 5 trillion and the Federal Reserve cut interest 
rates to just 0.00-0.25%. But the ability for the US to provide additional fiscal and 
monetary stimulus to offset the current shock is more limited.

Our base case is that the Fed will cut interest rates by 75-100 basis points this 
year. But in the near term, the Fed’s policy flexibility appears to be more limited as 
it has to balance growth concerns against the risk of a resurgence in inflation. Fed 
Chair Jerome Powell has stressed that he is keen to ensure that one-off price 
increases arising from higher tariffs do not drive second-round effects, which 
could lead to more sustained inflation. So, while the European Central Bank, Swiss 
National Bank, and Bank of England have cut rates already this year, it is likely that 
the Fed will need to wait until September for its next cut.

We also do not expect additional US fiscal stimulus this year. The US has run fiscal 
deficits of 5.3-6.3% of GDP for the past three years. With the US debt-to-GDP 
ratio at 123% as of December 2024, and amid growing concerns about the US 
fiscal trajectory both in Washington and on Wall Street, we do not expect the fis-
cal deficit to rise significantly. In our base case, we do see tax cuts introduced in 
2017 being extended, but doing this would only represent the absence of fiscal 
tightening, rather than fresh stimulus. 

Tariffs are likely to slow US 
economic growth.

The ability for the US to provide 
additional fiscal and monetary 
stimulus appears more limited.



Managing exceptionalism

4April 2025 – UBS House View Monthly Letter

Figure 2

The US federal debt to GDP ratio is at the highest level since 1946
Federal debt held by the public (i.e., debt excluding intragovernmental debt), % of GDP

Shifting growth narratives elsewhere?
Part of the US “exceptionalism” narrative in recent years has also arisen from 
Europe and China facing structural growth challenges at the same time as the US 
was delivering robust growth. Part of the shift in the “exceptionalism” narrative in 
2025 has been due to signs of improvements in the structural outlook for both 
Europe and China.

Recent developments point to a more constructive structural outlook for Europe, 
particularly as the US steps back from its traditional geopolitical leadership role. A 
key turning point has been Germany’s decision to amend its debt brake, signaling 
a willingness to embrace more flexible fiscal policy to invest in defense and infra-
structure. While it is early, this shift could also catalyze broader reforms across the 
Eurozone. 

In the financial sphere, rising global demand for an “alternative reserve asset” and 
the need to fund higher defense spending may prompt the Eurozone to recon-
sider common bond issuance, a move that could deepen capital markets and 
strengthen the euro’s international role. The recent Draghi report on EU competi-
tiveness, which advocates for productivity-enhancing reforms, offers a blueprint 
for change. 

Meanwhile, China is accelerating its push for even greater self-reliance, emphasiz-
ing advancements in high-tech industries, artificial intelligence, and clean energy. 
The government has also gone further in recent months to acknowledge the criti-
cal role of the private sector in driving technological innovation.

Source: Congressional Budget Office, UBS, as of April 2025

0

80

40

20

60

100

140

160

120

180

1970

CBO 
projections

1940 1955 2015 2030 20451985 2000

There are signs of the structural 
outlook improving outside the US.

China is accelerating its push for 
self-reliance.



Managing exceptionalism

5April 2025 – UBS House View Monthly Letter

Why the US cannot be ignored

The world’s biggest growth opportunities 
In recent years, a key driver of US equity market exceptionalism has been the per-
formance of the US technology sector. Since the launch of ChatGPT in November 
2022, the Magnificent 7 stocks have accounted for close to 60% of the 
S&P 500’s gains.

Looking forward, we believe that the trend of innovation as a driver of long-term 
US—and, by extension, global—equity market performance will continue, despite 
potential near-term economic challenges and tariff headwinds. 

We expect US companies to remain among the leaders in driving global corporate 
profit growth as they supply innovative products to the global economy. We have 
identified AI, Power and resources, and Longevity as three themes that will likely 
deliver a significant share of global corporate profit growth in the years ahead. US 
companies comprise about 80% of our AI, just over 50% of our Power and 
resources, and more than 70% of our Longevity Transformational Innovation 
Opportunities. 

Following the recent sell-off, many of these companies are now more attractive, in 
our view. Global tech’s 12-month forward price-to-earnings ratio is now 
approaching the low 20s, around 20% below last year’s peak. 

While tariffs will be a near-term overhang, it is important to see this in the context 
of strong longer-term growth. For technology, we expect tariffs to contribute to 
earnings per share cuts of 3-5% for 2025. But this means tech earnings should 
still grow by a mid-teens percentage this year, in our view. We expect strong 
global AI spend to continue, growing by 60% in 2025 to reach USD 360bn, and 
33% in 2026 to reach USD 480bn.

Companies in our Power and resources opportunity currently trade on a forward 
P/E of 18x compared to the MSCI ACWI’s 23x, despite our expectations for supe-
rior and more durable profit growth. Several formerly well-performing electrical 
equipment stocks in the strategy now trade at or below their respective sector 
averages, which we believe is unmerited taking into account a wide range of AI 
data center capex scenarios. We note that both Microsoft and Apple have reiter-
ated their 2025 capex figures for data center infrastructure buildout.

In our Longevity opportunity, we note that US firms remain at the cutting edge of 
innovations in treating metabolic diseases like obesity and diabetes, particularly 
through GLP-1 drugs. Metabolic disease revenue is expected to grow at a 12% 
compound annualized growth rate (CAGR) through 2030. The health care sector 
is a primary beneficiary of the longevity trend, with a projected market opportu-
nity of USD 2.2 trillion by 2030, according to UBS estimates. 

The US tech sector has been a 
major driver of equity performance 
in recent years.

We see attractive opportunities in 
AI, Power and resources, and 
Longevity.



Managing exceptionalism

6April 2025 – UBS House View Monthly Letter

Deep fixed income markets
USD quality fixed income will also remain an important part of portfolio diversifi-
cation for investors, providing liquidity, income, and portfolio stability, in our view.

US Treasuries sold off in tandem with equities following President Trump’s “recip-
rocal” tariff announcements in early April. Question marks about Fed indepen-
dence have also contributed to volatility in recent days. But although a “risk 
premium” is being priced into Treasuries, we believe there is a limit to how far this 
will rise, and we do not believe that Treasuries have fundamentally become a 
“risk asset.” 

In the event of a steeper slowdown in US growth, we believe that Treasuries 
would rally sharply and target a yield of 2.5% on the 10-year Treasury in our 
downside scenario (4.0% in our base case). The market also remains far more liq-
uid than global alternatives, and Fed officials have signaled their readiness to 
intervene if market functioning were to become impaired. 

Scope for a tactical recovery
Over the balance of 2025, we also see scope for a tactical recovery in US 
risk assets.

We believe the fact that the Trump administration changed its tariff stance in 
response to equity and bond market turbulence indicates some sensitivity to mar-
ket stress, and points to the existence of a “Trump put” in some form. With many 
countries expressing a desire to negotiate with the US on tariff policy, and the 
Trump administration now somewhat pressured to demonstrate “success,” we 
expect a variety of deals or sector carveouts to materialize within the 90-day 
pause period. The latest CNBC All-America economic survey found that President 
Trump now has a net negative approval rating on the economy (43% approval, 
55% disapproval) for the first time.

Negative sentiment toward US equities also suggests scope for a rally over the 
next 12 months. In March, the American Association of Individual Investors’ (AAII) 
weekly survey showed that, on average, only 22% of investors expected stocks to 
rise over the next six months. Historically, the S&P 500 has averaged a 16% return 
in the 12 months following instances where bullish sentiment readings were 
below 25%, compared with an average return of just over 9% in all periods.

The S&P 500 has also performed well historically after periods of elevated market 
volatility. While each case is different, based on data going back to 1990, levels of 
the VIX above 40 (the index reached a high of 60 in early April) have been fol-
lowed on average by one-year returns of more than 30% on the S&P 500.

USD quality fixed income remains 
an important part of portfolio 
diversification.

We see scope for a recovery in US 
risk assets over the balance of the 
year.



Managing exceptionalism

7April 2025 – UBS House View Monthly Letter

Figure 3

S&P 500 forward returns have historically been strong when the VIX is high
Average S&P 500 price return when VIX above 40 vs. all periods, data since 1990

Investment views: balancing risks with opportunities

Look through volatility to build strategic exposure
With US companies likely to remain key drivers of global profit growth in the years 
ahead, we believe investors who entered 2025 with low strategic exposure to US 
equities should use continuing volatility to grow allocations. We expect the 
S&P 500 to rise to 5,800 by the end of 2025 as tariff uncertainty eases, the Fed 
cuts interest rates, and investors’ focus shifts toward the prospect of a rebound in 
US earnings growth in 2026. We believe that phasing-in or capital preservation 
approaches can allow investors to benefit from medium-term growth while man-
aging near-term timing risks. 

We have also identified 20 US companies across a range of sectors that are higher 
quality, have solid business models, and which, after the recent sell-off, offer good 
longer-term value, in our view. We retain a high conviction view on the 
Transformational Innovation Opportunities of AI, Power and resources, and 
Longevity.

Investors who already hold adequate, or outsized, US exposure should consider 
diversifying into opportunities in Europe and Asia. Our “Six ways to invest in 
Europe” list focuses on defensive champions that can benefit from increased mar-
ket volatility, as well as from likely higher European defense spending and fiscal 
stimulus. In Asia, we like India and Taiwan.

Manage volatility with fixed income, gold, and hedge funds
With bond yields relatively high, the yield curve steeper, and economic growth 
likely to slow, we see an opportunity for investors to switch cash into high-quality 
bonds and diversified fixed income portfolios to lock in yields, dampen overall 

Source: Bloomberg, UBS, as of April 2025

0%

15%

5%

10%

25%

30%

20%

35%

Next 3 months Next 6 months Next 12 months

VIX above 40 All periods

We believe investors who entered 
2025 with low strategic exposure 
to US equities should use volatility 
to grow allocations.

We also see diversification 
opportunities in Europe and Asia.



Managing exceptionalism

8April 2025 – UBS House View Monthly Letter

portfolio volatility, and provide additional robust income. In our base case, we see 
the 10-year Treasury yield at 4.0% by year-end, and believe it could fall to 2.5% in 
a hard landing scenario.

Figure 4

US investment grade yields remain appealing
US IG (1-10 year) yield and federal funds effective rate, %

At the same time, investors should remember that the long-term correlation 
between bonds and equities can vary, and the regime of consistently negative cor-
relations between bonds and equities (which we saw through much of the 1990s, 
2000s, and 2010s) has likely come to an end. This reemphasizes the importance 
of including alternative diversifiers into portfolios including hedge funds and gold.

Figure 5

Strong central bank demand, ETF buying are supportive of gold prices
Demand for gold from various sources, including UBS forecasts, in metric tons

Source: Bloomberg, UBS, as of April 2025

2020 2021 2022

US IG yield Fed funds rate

2023 2024

7

5

6

4

2

3

1

0

Source: World Gold Council, UBS, as of April 2025

2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 2025F

3,000

2,000

1,000

0

₋1,000

Central banks Other investment ETF



Managing exceptionalism

9April 2025 – UBS House View Monthly Letter

Gold has been the standout performer of 2025 so far. Purchases of exchange-
traded funds (ETFs) have increased recently alongside ongoing central bank 
demand, supporting the precious metal. While our forecast stands at 
USD 3,500/oz at present, if US political uncertainty extends further, leading to 
greater demand for perceived “safe havens,” we believe gold could rise toward 
our upside risk case (i.e., adverse macro scenario) of USD 3,800/oz. 

Prepare to reduce US dollar exposure
After its notable recent sell-off, the US dollar may stabilize in the near term, in our 
view, especially with the Fed sounding caution on rate cuts at the same time as 
other central banks are cutting rates in response to the deteriorating growth out-
look. In the absence of even greater US political uncertainty, current USD levels 
would require a sharp decline in US activity to be justified, in our view. 
 
Over the medium term, however, we believe the trend of dollar weakness is likely 
to resume as the US economy slows more than elsewhere and elevated US twin 
deficits come into greater focus. As the Fed commences interest rate cuts, global 
investors are also likely to increase their FX hedge ratios, adding to USD downside 
pressure. So, we prefer using any periods of near-term dollar strength to reduce 
dollar allocations in favor of the Japanese yen, euro, British pound, and Australian 
dollar. Meanwhile, we like to sell the USD’s upside potential for yield pickup.

Mark Haefele
Chief Investment Officer
Global Wealth Management

The US dollar has sold off sharply 
and may stabilize in the near term.



Managing exceptionalism

10April 2025 – UBS House View Monthly Letter

Messages in Focus

Seek durable income
Despite the significant increase in downside risks to growth, 
bond yields have remained elevated. We believe this creates an 
opportunity for investors to seek durable portfolio income. High 
grade and investment grade bonds offer attractive risk-reward 
and can help hedge against market downturns. Wider credit 
spreads are improving the outlook for riskier credit; however, 
with economic visibility low, we prefer diversified portfolio 
income strategies—including senior loans, private credit, equity 
income, and higher quality credit.

Navigate political risks 
Gold remains near record highs, reaffirming its value as a hedge 
amid ongoing geopolitical and political risks. With our price tar-
get raised to USD 3,500/oz through early 2026, we see gold 
well supported by “safe haven” demand and structural buying. 
We favor using dips as buying opportunities or entering defen-
sively to protect gains. For investors seeking to preserve gains 
while retaining upside, capital preservation strategies can also 
be applied in equities. Silver, meanwhile, offers a complemen-
tary play, with investment demand expected to support prices 
alongside gold.

Phase into equities
While we expect near-term volatility to remain high, we antici-
pate equities will rise by year-end as the Trump administration 
strikes deals to reduce tariffs, and as rate cuts and potential fis-
cal support improve investor sentiment. Investors can navigate 
near-term volatility and position for longer-term upside by phas-
ing into US equities or balanced portfolios, or by utilizing capital 
preservation strategies.

Seek sell-off opportunities
Recent volatility has created select attractive opportunities at the 
single stock and market level, with various companies with 
strong long-term prospects now trading at more attractive valu-
ations. In the US, we have identified 20 companies across sec-
tors that are higher quality, have solid business models, and 
offer good long-term value. In Europe, our “Six ways to invest in 
Europe” list focuses on defensive champions benefiting from 
market volatility, higher defense spending, and fiscal stimulus. In 
Asia, we favor India and Taiwan.

Sell dollar rallies
Following a recent sell-off, we expect the US dollar to stabilize in 
the near term, as the Federal Reserve remains cautious on rate 
cuts while other central banks ease policy in response to weaker 

growth. In our view, current dollar levels are only justified if 
there is a significant deterioration in US economic activity or a 
major increase in political uncertainty. Over the medium term, 
we anticipate renewed dollar weakness as the US economy 
slows and focus shifts to the US’s large deficits. We prefer using 
any periods of near-term dollar strength as an opportunity to 
reduce USD allocations in favor of currencies such as the yen, 
euro, pound, and Australian dollar.

Invest in transformational innovation
We maintain strong conviction in the long-term potential of our 
Transformational Innovation Opportunity themes, including 
Artificial intelligence, Power and resources, and Longevity. While 
recent market volatility has weighed on these sectors, we see 
this as an opportunity for long-term investors to build exposure 
to what we believe will be among the world’s fastest-growing 
industries. Phasing into investments or using capital preservation 
strategies can help manage short-term risks. We also see com-
pelling opportunities for sustainability-focused investors, particu-
larly in energy and health care, given the ongoing global 
emphasis on energy security and improved health outcomes.

Diversify with alternatives
More uncertain markets make diversification even more criti-
cal—both across and within alternative assets. In hedge funds, 
we favor low net equity long/short, macro, and multi-strategy 
approaches. Within private markets, we prefer private credit, 
value-oriented buyouts, and secondaries, including infrastruc-
ture. Thematically, we favor software, health, and climate. We 
also see a bright outlook for quality assets in global residential 
and commercial real estate, particularly in logistics, data centers, 
and multifamily housing.

Strengthen your core
Periods of market volatility can quickly reveal parts of a portfolio 
that may not be working effectively toward long-term goals. We 
generally recommend that investors implement a “core” portfo-
lio, well-diversified across asset classes, geographies, and sectors, 
designed to grow wealth steadily over time. This “core” can be 
held alongside more opportunistic “satellite” investments, allow-
ing investors to stay on course for long-term goals even as mar-
kets and “satellite” investments become more volatile.



Managing exceptionalism

11April 2025 – UBS House View Monthly Letter

Global forecasts

Economy 

Real GDP y/y, in %

2024E 2025E 2026E

US 2.8 1.5 0.8

Canada 1.2 2.0 2.0

Japan 0.1 0.8 0.3

Eurozone 0.8 0.7 1.0

UK 1.1 0.8 1.1

Switzerland 1.3 0.7 1.6

Australia 1.0 1.9 2.0

China 5.0 3.4 3.0

India 6.5 6.0 6.4

EM 4.4 3.5 3.5

World 3.3 2.5 2.5

Inflation (average CPI), y/y, in %

N/A 2024E 2025E 2026E

US 3.0 3.2 3.8

Canada 2.4 2.2 2.1

Japan 2.7 3.0 1.2

Eurozone 2.4 2.1 1.9

UK 2.5 3.0 2.0

Switzerland 1.1 0.2 0.5

Australia 3.2 2.4 2.5

China 0.4 -0.6 -0.5

India 4.6 4.0 4.2

EM 8.1 3.8 3.0

World 5.7 3.3 2.8

Source: Bloomberg, UBS, as of 24 April 2025. Latest forecasts available in the Global forecasts publication, published weekly.

Source: Bloomberg, UBS, as of 24 April 2025. Latest forecasts available in the Global forecasts publication, published weekly.

Asset classes 

/A Spot June-25 Dec-25

Equities N/A N/A N/A

S&P 500 5,376 5,500 5,800

Eurostoxx 50 5,099 5,000 5,200

FTSE 100 8,403 8,200 8,500

SMI 11,809 12,000 12,200

MSCI Asia ex-Japan 706 678 712

MSCI China 71 68 70

Topix 2,584 2,500 2,600

MSCI EM 1,096 1,050 1,100

MSCI AC World 968 980 1,030

Currencies N/A N/A N/A

EURUSD 1.14 1.14 1.16

GBPUSD 1.33 1.36 1.38

USDCHF 0.83 0.83 0.82

USDCAD 1.38 1.40 1.38

AUDUSD 0.64 0.64 0.68

EURCHF 0.94 0.95 0.95

NZDUSD 0.60 0.60 0.62

USDJPY 143 144 140

USDCNY 7.30 7.30 7.20

Spot June-25 Dec-25

Yields, in % N/A N/A N/A

USD 2y Treasury 3.87 4.00 3.75

USD 10 year Treasury 4.38 4.25 4.00

CHF 2y Eidg. 0.00 0.00 0.00

CHF 10y Eidg. 0.47 0.50 0.50

EUR 2y Bund 1.75 2.00 2.00

EUR 10y Bund 2.50 2.50 2.50

GBP 2y Gilt 3.92 3.75 3.50

GBP 10y Gilt 4.55 4.00 4.00

JPY 2y JGB 0.70 0.70 0.80

JPY 10y JGB 1.34 1.20 1.20

n/a

Commodities N/A N/A N/A

Brent crude, USD/bbl 66.1 68 68

Gold, USD/oz 3,288 3,500 3,500



12April 2025 – UBS House View Monthly Letter

Disclaimer / Risk Information

Non-Traditional Assets

Non-traditional asset classes are alternative investments that include hedge funds, private equity, real estate, and 
managed futures (collectively, alternative investments). Interests of alternative investment funds are sold only to qualified 
investors, and only by means of offering documents that include information about the risks, performance and expenses of 
alternative investment funds, and which clients are urged to read carefully before subscribing and retain. An investment in an 
alternative investment fund is speculative and involves significant risks. Specifically, these investments (1) are not mutual funds 
and are not subject to the same regulatory requirements as mutual funds; (2) may have performance that is volatile, and 
investors may lose all or a substantial amount of their investment; (3) may engage in leverage and other speculative investment 
practices that may increase the risk of investment loss; (4) are long-term, illiquid investments, there is generally no secondary 
market for the interests of a fund, and none is expected to develop; (5) interests of alternative investment funds typically will 
be illiquid and subject to restrictions on transfer; (6) may not be required to provide periodic pricing or valuation information 
to investors; (7) generally involve complex tax strategies and there may be delays in distributing tax information to investors; 
(8) are subject to high fees, including management fees and other fees and expenses, all of which will reduce profits.

Interests in alternative investment funds are not deposits or obligations of, or guaranteed or endorsed by, any bank or other 
insured depository institution, and are not federally insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, the Federal Reserve 
Board, or any other governmental agency. Prospective investors should understand these risks and have the financial ability and 
willingness to accept them for an extended period of time before making an investment in an alternative investment fund and 
should consider an alternative investment fund as a supplement to an overall investment program.

In addition to the risks that apply to alternative investments generally, the following are additional risks related to an investment 
in these strategies:

• Hedge Fund Risk: There are risks specifically associated with investing in hedge funds, which may include risks associated 
with investing in short sales, options, small-cap stocks, “junk bonds,” derivatives, distressed securities, non-US securities 
and illiquid investments.

• Managed Futures: There are risks specifically associated with investing in managed futures programs. For example, not all 
managers focus on all strategies at all times, and managed futures strategies may have material directional elements.

• Real Estate: There are risks specifically associated with investing in real estate products and real estate investment trusts. 
They involve risks associated with debt, adverse changes in general economic or local market conditions, changes in 
governmental, tax, real estate and zoning laws or regulations, risks associated with capital calls and, for some real estate 
products, the risks associated with the ability to qualify for favorable treatment under the federal tax laws.

• Private Equity: There are risks specifically associated with investing in private equity. Capital calls can be made on short 
notice, and the failure to meet capital calls can result in significant adverse consequences including, but not limited to, a 
total loss of investment.

• Foreign Exchange/Currency Risk: Investors in securities of issuers located outside of the United States should be aware that 
even for securities denominated in U.S. dollars, changes in the exchange rate between the U.S. dollar and the issuer’s 
“home” currency can have unexpected effects on the market value and liquidity of those securities. Those securities may 
also be affected by other risks (such as political, economic or regulatory changes) that may not be readily known to a US 
investor.



13April 2025 – UBS House View Monthly Letter

UBS Chief Investment Office’s (“CIO”) investment views are prepared and published by the Global Wealth Management business of 
UBS Switzerland AG (regulated by FINMA in Switzerland) or its affiliates (“UBS”), part of UBS Group AG (“UBS Group”). UBS Group 
includes former Credit Suisse AG, its subsidiaries, branches and affiliates. Additional disclaimer relevant to Credit Suisse Wealth Man-
agement follows at the end of this section.
The investment views have been prepared in accordance with legal requirements designed to promote the independence of invest-
ment research.

Generic investment research – Risk information:
This publication is for your information only and is not intended as an offer, or a solicitation of an offer, to buy or sell any investment 
or other specific product. The analysis contained herein does not constitute a personal recommendation or take into account the 
particular investment objectives, investment strategies, financial situation and needs of any specific recipient. It is based on numerous 
assumptions. Different assumptions could result in materially different results. Certain services and products are subject to legal restric-
tions and cannot be offered worldwide on an unrestricted basis and/or may not be eligible for sale to all investors. All information and 
opinions expressed in this document were obtained from sources believed to be reliable and in good faith, but no representation or 
warranty, express or implied, is made as to its accuracy or completeness (other than disclosures relating to UBS). All information and 
opinions as well as any forecasts, estimates and market prices indicated are current as of the date of this report, and are subject to 
change without notice. Opinions expressed herein may differ or be contrary to those expressed by other business areas or divisions of 
UBS as a result of using different assumptions and/or criteria.

In no circumstances may this document or any of the information (including any forecast, value, index or other calculated amount 
(“Values”)) be used for any of the following purposes (i) valuation or accounting purposes; (ii) to determine the amounts due or pay-
able, the price or the value of any financial instrument or financial contract; or (iii) to measure the performance of any financial instru-
ment including, without limitation, for the purpose of tracking the return or performance of any Value or of defining the asset alloca-
tion of portfolio or of computing performance fees. By receiving this document and the information you will be deemed to represent 
and warrant to UBS that you will not use this document or otherwise rely on any of the information for any of the above purposes. 
UBS and any of its directors or employees may be entitled at any time to hold long or short positions in investment instruments 
referred to herein, carry out transactions involving relevant investment instruments in the capacity of principal or agent, or provide any 
other services or have officers, who serve as directors, either to/for the issuer, the investment instrument itself or to/for any company 
commercially or financially affiliated to such issuers. At any time, investment decisions (including whether to buy, sell or hold securities) 
made by UBS and its employees may differ from or be contrary to the opinions expressed in UBS research publications. Some invest-
ments may not be readily realizable since the market in the securities is illiquid and therefore valuing the investment and identifying 
the risk to which you are exposed may be difficult to quantify. UBS relies on information barriers to control the flow of information 
contained in one or more areas within UBS, into other areas, units, divisions or affiliates of UBS. Futures and options trading is not 
suitable for every investor as there is a substantial risk of loss, and losses in excess of an initial investment may occur. Past performance 
of an investment is no guarantee for its future performance. Additional information will be made available upon request. Some invest-
ments may be subject to sudden and large falls in value and on realization you may receive back less than you invested or may be 
required to pay more. Changes in foreign exchange rates may have an adverse effect on the price, value or income of an investment. 
The analyst(s) responsible for the preparation of this report may interact with trading desk personnel, sales personnel and other con-
stituencies for the purpose of gathering, synthesizing and interpreting market information.

Different areas, groups, and personnel within UBS Group may produce and distribute separate research products independently of 
each other. For example, research publications from CIO are produced by UBS Global Wealth Management. UBS Global Research is 
produced by UBS Investment Bank. Research methodologies and rating systems of each separate research organization may 
differ, for example, in terms of investment recommendations, investment horizon, model assumptions, and valuation methods. As a 
consequence, except for certain economic forecasts (for which UBS CIO and UBS Global Research may collaborate), investment rec-
ommendations, ratings, price targets, and valuations provided by each of the separate research organizations may be different, or 
inconsistent. You should refer to each relevant research product for the details as to their methodologies and rating system. Not all 
clients may have access to all products from every organization. Each research product is subject to the policies and procedures of the 
organization that produces it. 
The compensation of the analyst(s) who prepared this report is determined exclusively by research management and senior manage-
ment (not including investment banking). Analyst compensation is not based on investment banking, sales and trading or principal 
trading revenues, however, compensation may relate to the revenues of UBS Group as a whole, of which investment banking, sales 
and trading and principal trading are a part.

Tax treatment depends on the individual circumstances and may be subject to change in the future. UBS does not provide legal or tax 
advice and makes no representations as to the tax treatment of assets or the investment returns thereon both in general or with ref-
erence to specific client’s circumstances and needs. We are of necessity unable to take into account the particular investment objec-
tives, financial situation and needs of our individual clients and we would recommend that you take financial and/or tax advice as to 
the implications (including tax) of investing in any of the products mentioned herein.



14April 2025 – UBS House View Monthly Letter

This material may not be reproduced or copies circulated without prior authority of UBS. Unless otherwise agreed in writing UBS 
expressly prohibits the distribution and transfer of this material to third parties for any reason. UBS accepts no liability whatsoever for 
any claims or lawsuits from any third parties arising from the use or distribution of this material. This report is for distribution only 
under such circumstances as may be permitted by applicable law. For information on the ways in which CIO manages conflicts and 
maintains independence of its investment views and publication offering, and research and rating methodologies, please visit www.
ubs.com/research-methodology. Additional information on the relevant authors of this publication and other CIO publication(s) refer-
enced in this report; and copies of any past reports on this topic; are available upon request from your client advisor.

Important Information About Sustainable Investing Strategies: Sustainable investing strategies aim to consider and incorporate 
environmental, social and governance (ESG) factors into investment process and portfolio construction. Strategies across geographies 
approach ESG analysis and incorporate the findings in a variety of ways. Incorporating ESG factors or Sustainable Investing consider-
ations may inhibit UBS’s ability to participate in or to advise on certain investment opportunities that otherwise would be consistent 
with the Client’s investment objectives. The returns on a portfolio incorporating ESG factors or Sustainable Investing considerations 
may be lower or higher than portfolios where ESG factors, exclusions, or other sustainability issues are not considered by UBS, and the 
investment opportunities available to such portfolios may differ.

External Asset Managers / External Financial Consultants: In case this research or publication is provided to an External Asset 
Manager or an External Financial Consultant, UBS expressly prohibits that it is redistributed by the External Asset Manager or the 
External Financial Consultant and is made available to their clients and/or third parties.

USA: Distributed to US persons only by UBS Financial Services Inc. or UBS Securities LLC, subsidiaries of UBS AG. UBS Switzerland AG, 
UBS Europe SE, UBS Bank, S.A., UBS Brasil Administradora de Valores Mobiliarios Ltda, UBS Asesores Mexico, S.A. de C.V., UBS SuMi 
TRUST Wealth Management Co., Ltd., UBS Wealth Management Israel Ltd and UBS Menkul Degerler AS are affiliates of UBS AG. UBS 
Financial Services Inc. accepts responsibility for the content of a report prepared by a non-US affiliate when it distributes 
reports to US persons. All transactions by a US person in the securities mentioned in this report should be effected 
through a US-registered broker dealer affiliated with UBS, and not through a non-US affiliate. The contents of this report 
have not been and will not be approved by any securities or investment authority in the United States or elsewhere. UBS 
Financial Services Inc. is not acting as a municipal advisor to any municipal entity or obligated person within the meaning 
of Section 15B of the Securities Exchange Act (the “Municipal Advisor Rule”) and the opinions or views contained herein 
are not intended to be, and do not constitute, advice within the meaning of the Municipal Advisor Rule.

For country information, please visit ubs.com/cio-country-disclaimer-gr or ask your client advisor for the full disclaimer.

Additional Disclaimer relevant to Credit Suisse Wealth Management
You receive this document in your capacity as a client of Credit Suisse Wealth Management. Your personal data will be processed in 
accordance with the Credit Suisse privacy statement accessible at your domicile through the official Credit Suisse website https://www.
credit-suisse.com. In order to provide you with marketing materials concerning our products and services, UBS Group AG and its 
subsidiaries may process your basic personal data (i.e. contact details such as name, e-mail address) until you notify us that you no 
longer wish to receive them. You can optout from receiving these materials at any time by informing your Relationship Manager.

Except as otherwise specified herein and/or depending on the local Credit Suisse entity from which you are receiving this report, this 
report is distributed by UBS Switzerland AG, authorised and regulated by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority (FINMA).

Version D/2024. CIO82652744
© UBS 2025. The key symbol and UBS are among the registered and unregistered trademarks of UBS. All rights reserved.

http://www.ubs.com/research-methodology
http://www.ubs.com/research-methodology
https://www.ubs.com/global/en/wealth-management/chief-investment-office/country-disclaimer-gr.html
https://www.credit-suisse.com
https://www.credit-suisse.com

