
Deal or no deal 
Investing in Asia Pacific - May edition 

24 April 2025 | Chief Investment Office GWM | Investment Research

03 
First in line 

APAC economies are the 

first to begin trade talks 

with the US, with the 

outcomes likely to set the 

tone for other 

negotiations. 

06
The Art of the Deal 

meets The Art of War 

We think talks between 

the US and China will 

only begin once US tariffs 

are first rolled back to 

manageable levels. 

08 
US(D) un-

exceptionalism? 

With slower US growth 

and unpredictable policy, 

we think the USD will 

weaken over the medium 

term against the G10 and 

prefer the JPY, the AUD, 

and gold. 

z



 

 
 

Investing in Asia Pacific  |  May 2025    2  

Deal or no deal 

 
Following weeks of extraordinary policy uncertainty and market volatility, President Donald 

Trump’s decision to pause “reciprocal” tariffs has opened a window for trade negotiations. 

Over the next 75 days, more than 75 countries (according to the White House) will seek to 

broker bilateral deals before the 9 July deadline.   

At the very front of the queue are major Asian economies like Japan, South Korea, and 

India. The stakes are high for these first movers—whether a deal is cut or not, the initial 

outcomes will likely set the tone for subsequent negotiations, the trajectory of effective 

tariff rates, and market sentiment.   

Previous US trade deals have taken 18 months on average to sign and 45 months to 

implement, but we expect quicker interim agreements to be reached with allies who can 

afford to deliver spending and defense “wins” to the US and are not viewed as 

transshipment “bad actors.” Vietnam, Thailand, and Malaysia will have to work harder to 

satisfy US demands as they become clearer. These could include cuts to trade barriers, 

more investment in the US, purchases of US goods, and/or measures to curb transshipment 

trade with China. Our channel checks and analysis show that most, but not all, regional 

economies have the capacity to meet such demands. 

With trade talks underway, we believe tariff uncertainty should gradually reduce over the 

next few months. We also expect the Federal Reserve to cut rates by 75-100bps this year—

which could help partially offset US economic and corporate earnings weakness and limit 

the regional export impact to a single-digit percentage (ex-China). 

Of course, what would have the largest impact is a deal with China. In an upside case, where a 

quick agreement reduces tariffs from prohibitive levels within the next few weeks (as suggested 

by President Trump), regional growth expectations and markets would get an immediate boost. 

On the flip side, further escalation into areas such as ADR delistings, additional tech restrictions, 

secondary tariffs in US trade deals, and/or stronger rare earth controls represent downside risks. 

Our base case falls in between the two: Given the already prohibitive tariffs in place, there is 

little to gain from further escalation. But we expect that trade talks will only begin once the US 

agrees to roll back its tariffs to manageable levels and result in only minor concessions. 

As trade deals are signed, the dollar could stage a short-term rebound against Asian currencies. 

But with the US economy still set to slow sharply, the Fed likely to resume rate cuts, and 

ongoing concerns over US policy unpredictability, we see the dollar resuming its downtrend over 

the longer term against G10 peers (see our global Monthly letter “Managing exceptionalism”).  

In the remainder of this letter, we analyze the potential regional trade deals that could 

emerge in the weeks ahead, what’s next in the US-China standoff, and what the end of US 

economic exceptionalism means for regional currencies. We also update our positioning in 

light of these developments. 

In short, we think agreements that lead to less damaging tariffs will support a tactical 

rebound for US equities and oversold Asian markets like Taiwan. We also remain 

constructive on resilient markets like India, where we expect an early trade deal and 

earnings growth to improve on an uncharacteristically low base beginning this quarter.  

But with volatility likely to remain high and valuations capped until trade deals are signed, 

we remain Neutral on the broader Asia ex-Japan market. We also stay defensively 

positioned in China, where the dramatic tariff escalation has further reduced our growth 

and fair value expectations. Nonetheless we see bottom-up opportunities that should 

benefit from China’s “self-help” strategy.   

Finally, we aim to use any near-term US dollar strength to diversify into regional currencies 

such as the AUD (below 0.62) and JPY (above 146) and see less need to hedge CNY 

exposure. Instead, gold should continue to be the standout portfolio hedge—we raised our 

year-end target to USD 3,500/oz and think under-allocated investors should use dips to 

raise their exposure to around 5% of a balanced portfolio. 

 

 
 
Mark Haefele 

Chief Investment Officer 

Global Wealth Management 
 
 

 
 
Min Lan Tan 

Head Chief Investment Office APAC 

Global Wealth Management 

 
 
 
 

Follow us on 
 

linkedin.com/in/markhaefele 

linkedin.com/in/minlantan 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Important disclosure 
Please note there may be changes to 
our House View strategies prior to 
the next edition of Investing in Asia 
Pacific. For all updated views, please 
refer to the UBS House View 
Monthly Extended at any time of the 
month or contact your advisor. 

This report has been prepared by 
UBS AG Singapore Branch, UBS AG 
Hong Kong Branch, UBS SuMi TRUST 
Wealth Management Co., Ltd., and 
UBS Switzerland AG. 

Please see important disclaimers and 
disclosures at the end of the 
document. 
 

  

https://www.linkedin.com/in/markhaefele
https://www.linkedin.com/in/minlantan


 

 
 

Investing in Asia Pacific  |  May 2025    3  

 

Key Asian economies are among the 

first to begin trade talks with the US. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Asian allies could achieve quicker 

bilateral trade deals with the US, 

while others face a higher bar. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

We think Japan will be the first to 

strike a deal with the US. 

 

 

 

 

 

 First in, first out 

After reaching max tariff fear on “Liberation Day,” President Trump’s subsequent 90-day 

pause has shifted the market’s attention from further tariff escalation to deal-making. Key 

Asian economies including Japan, South Korea, and India are among the first to begin talks 

with the US, with the rest of the world watching to see whether deals can be struck to 

lower or rescind reciprocal tariffs and what those deals look like.   

 

What could be in a deal?  

Based on repeated comments from President Trump and his officials over recent months, 

what the US wants can be summarized into four main categories: 1) a significant cut in 

tariffs and non-tariff barriers on US products; 2) a commitment to invest in the US; 3) a 

commitment to buy more US products, starting with aircraft, energy, and agricultural 

products; and 4) an end to transshipments.  

 

Whether or not regional economies can fully meet these demands depends on their 

standing. As US security and trade priorities in the region become clearer, we see a lower 

bar and earlier deals for “lower-risk” markets that the US deems to be “friend-shorers,” 

such as Japan, Korea, Taiwan, India, Indonesia, Singapore, and the Philippines. Countries at 

higher risk of being viewed as “transhippers,” such as Vietnam, Thailand, and Malaysia, 

will have to prove they are neither a re-export platform for Chinese goods nor a conduit for 

China to bypass US tech restrictions. For products sold to US, this may entail minimum local 

content requirements or separation of China factory ownership. In the end, if the US-China 

tariffs remain unresolved, the huge tariff gap offers a big incentive for US buyers to switch 

source to other Asian exporters, in principle benefiting emerging Asia.  

 

In terms of demands, our checks below show that all regional economies can buy more US 

goods, most can reduce trade barriers with manageable domestic disruption, and only 

advanced economies can invest in the US.  

 

 

Wide reciprocal tariff differentials could speed up the US market 
share switch already in progress. 
US import market share by China and non-China Asia (%, 12mma) 

 

Source: CEIC, UBS, as of April 2025 

 

 

North Asia 

We think Japan will be the first to strike a deal with the US. The main issues on the table are 

autos, agricultural products, LNG, defense equipment, the defense budget, and the exchange 

rate. Japan can easily offer more US investments and lower non-tariff barriers on autos, invest 

more in Alaskan LNG projects, and commit to additional defense purchases, in our view. 

Agricultural products are more sensitive, but domestic rice price inflation may give the 

government room to expand US quotas and tariffs on US beef can be lowered. Increasing 

the budget for US troops in Japan may be difficult due to negative public sentiment. 

0%

10%

20%

30%

2000 2005 2010 2015 2020 2025

US imports from China US imports from Asia ex-China



Investing in Asia Pacific  |  May 2025    4

We see a smoother deal-making 

process for Taiwan than markets are 

pricing in. 

We think India is on track to sign a 

bilateral deal by year-end. 

The exchange rate is the stickiest issue since there are few effective tools to adjust it, the BoJ 

is unlikely to preemptively raise rates, and rapid yen appreciation would not be welcomed by 

the government considering its economic impact. 

Japanese equities have rebounded in anticipation of a deal. But we think short-term upside 

is limited from here and stay Neutral on the market. Full-year earnings results (from late 

April to early May) are likely to yield highly conservative guidance, which would further cap 

valuations. However, so long as the US avoids a recession, the downside should be limited 

to the lower-bound of a 11-16x P/E range since 2010 (13.5x currently). We currently have a 

slight tilt towards domestic-oriented sectors such as select IT services and real estate 

names, with some global cyclical exposure in health care, machinery, and tech.  

A bilateral deal with South Korea is also being prioritized and is likely to emerge relatively 

quickly, in our view. In terms of concessions, Korea will likely be willing to scrap its tariffs 

on agriculture (60%+ in 2023) and reduce its relatively high US trade surplus (USD 66bn) 

by importing more energy. Autos are the biggest export to the US, so more US investments 

from the auto sector and in Alaskan energy pipelines can be expected. Korea could also 

agree to more defense cost sharing and the outsourcing of US military shipbuilding. An 

additional sector tariff on semiconductors could hit Korean chipmakers, but carveouts for 

electronics should lessen the damage. We think oversold memory names trading at beaten-

down valuations present opportunities as DRAM pricing improves and deals are negotiated.  

Taiwan is looking to lower its “reciprocal tariff” of 32% (25% when factoring in 

temporary semiconductor exemptions) but appears to be further down the queue. Though 

the economy can easily purchase more US products and has already committed more than 

USD 100bn of investments into the US, the main sticking point is ensuring mainland China 

will not bypass US restrictions to the market’s advanced chips. However, US access to 

Taiwan’s leading foundries is equally important, which we think will prompt a relatively 

smoother deal than markets are pricing in. Despite additional non-tariff restrictions on 

chips, TSMC also recently reiterated its guidance (AI-related revenue to double in 2025 and 

grow at a 45% CAGR over the next five years). With the market’s forward P/E trading near 

one standard deviation below the 10-year mean, we think Taiwanese equities look 

oversold and remain constructive on the market.   

India 

Reinforced by a recent visit from US Vice President JD Vance, we expect tariff discussions to 

pave the way to a bilateral trade agreement by the end of the year. India does not present 

a China security risk and can easily switch its purchases of Russian energy (36% of total 

crude imports) to American energy (5% currently) and defense equipment. For instance, a 

25% switch of crude oil imports from Russia to the US would contract India’s US trade 

surplus by a meaningful USD 14bn. By contrast, reducing tariffs on staples like soy, cotton, 

and corn could be too politically difficult to stomach.  

Despite this, India’s deal-making efforts have been among the most visible, helping the 

Nifty rebound by nearly 10% since its March low. Valuations have rerated back to around 

19.4x but remain well below their September peak of 21x, and we continue to think 

earnings growth will recover back into the double digits from this quarter onwards (15.3%  

for FY26) after an uncharacteristically weak FY25 (largely driven by a high base effect 

following ~25% earnings growth in FY24). India should remain a resilient market amid 

tariff volatility, offering attractive low-teens upside through year-end. 

ASEAN  

Indonesia is also considered a low-risk country, given it has one of the lowest US market 

shares in the region. High-level delegations are already negotiating directly with the US 

government. Indonesia can import more US military equipment, energy and staples. Select 

trade barriers are likely to come down in EV autos, electronics, horticulture, and animal 

products. Additionally, the government is working on certain reforms to deregulate non-

tariff barriers and import licensing. While local equity valuations are undemanding, 

domestic fiscal challenges limit the near-term catalysts and keep us Neutral on the market. 



 

 
 

Investing in Asia Pacific  |  May 2025    5  

 

 

 

 

 

 

Malaysia and Thailand must address 

difficult sticking points. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Markets that have been most 

oversold on trade fears should 

benefit the most from trade deals. 

For Singapore (Neutral), the main issue is not a deal per se, but the risk of a global trade 

slump. With few avenues to bring the 10% baseline tariff lower, Singapore may also have 

to bear a very modest rise in tariffs on its semiconductor exports. We prefer to take shelter 

in defensive dividend yielders such as REITs and telcos, which offer dividend yields of more 

than 5%. 

 

Discussions with Malaysia will likely focus on national security issues (given 33% of 

imports are from China and its tech sector is deeply connected with the US). As seen in 

other trade agreements, one option is to require higher shares of local content in US-

bound products. Less important concessions include importing more halal beef, relaxing 

certification requirements on vehicle imports, increasing capex on US imports of aircraft, 

reducing import taxes, and lowering alcohol taxes. In equities, we prefer to take shelter in 

companies with domestically driven revenues and defensive dividend yielders. 

 

Thailand’s sticking points are more difficult to overcome. Efforts to raise US agriculture 

purchases are unlikely to significantly close its USD 45bn trade surplus with the US. 

Meanwhile sectors like autos and auto parts (34% tariffs), furniture (18%), and dairy 

(31.5%) stand to lose if tariff protection is removed. Thailand must also deal with the 

China transshipment perception, given a substantial 28% of its imports are from China and 

its relatively high US market share.  In response, Thailand has pledged to tighten inspection 

on products shipped to the US. But we expect a deal to be difficult with initial trade talks 

already facing a delay. 

 

Deal and no-deal scenarios 

We ultimately expect several deals to lower or rescind “reciprocal tariffs” in Asia, limiting the 

regional export damage (excluding China) to mid-single digit contraction. Early deals should 

also pave the way for successful negotiations with other countries, bringing down the 

effective US tariff rate by year-end and reducing tail risks of a policy-induced US recession. 

Markets that have been most oversold on trade fears, such as Taiwan, should benefit the 

most. But broadly, Asia ex-Japan still trades near historical averages and is unlikely to rerate 

until there is far more policy clarity. We remain Neutral on the overall market. 

 

A no-deal scenario, where negotiations fail to lower or rescind reciprocal tariff rates, would 

bring us back to our pre-pause assumptions. Regional exports could contract by double-

digits for trade-oriented economies, growth could take a 200bps hit, and US growth would 

fall close to or into a recession. Local equity markets are not pricing in such a scenario and 

could derate by -7.5% to -12.5% if it emerges. 

 

 

 

Valuation estimates for select Asian equity markets in recession 
scenario 

 

Source: Bloomberg, UBS estimates, as of April 2025 
 

  

8.5x

11.0x

11.0x

11.2x

11.0x

14.0x

16.0x

-15 to -21%

-16.5 to -21.5%

-17 to -22%

-20.5 to -25.5%

-19 to -24%

-18 to -23%

-16 to -21%

10.6x

12.4x

12.8x

13.4x

13.7x

17.1x

20.0x

MSCI China

MSCI AXJ

MSCI ASEAN

MSCI Taiwan

TOPIX

S&P ASX 200

India Nifty

Forward P/E in recession scenario Current P/E
Implied further 

downside



 

 
 

Investing in Asia Pacific  |  May 2025    6  

 

Trade talks with China are unlikely 

to begin until  US tariffs are rolled 

back to pre-Liberation Day levels, 

in our view. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Current tariff rates will likely push 

Chinese GDP growth below 4% 

this year. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 The Art of the Deal meets The Art of War 

Of course, a banner deal that averts a full-scale decoupling between the US and China 

would have the most meaningful impact. But though President Trump has walked back his 

rhetoric and says a deal could be completed within a month, there is no evidence that any 

constructive bilateral talks have begun. China says “all unilateral tariffs” on it must be 

removed for equal dialogue, suggesting Beijing will only agree to negotiations once the US 

pauses and rolls back its tariffs to manageable levels—perhaps to pre-Liberation Day levels 

of around 30% at a minimum. We expect more US rollbacks/exemptions to start in the 

weeks and months ahead given economic, legal, and political pressure, paving the way for 

both sides to talk at some point.  

 

US pressure on other countries to curb trade with China could extend this timeline, 

alongside non-tariff moves like tech restrictions and threats of forced ADR delistings. China 

could also continue to target American firms with anti-trust probes, tighten export controls 

on rare earths and restrict US-bound travel. However, we think the effectiveness of further 

escalation is limited with tariffs already at levels that effectively block all trade between the 

two economies. 

 

Once trade talks begin, China may be willing to buy more US energy and agricultural goods, 

as well as services (i.e., movies). China could also agree to address illegal immigrants and 

fentanyl control, revive a deal on TikTok, and cooperate on geopolitical issues.  

 

But with the timelines for negotiations and parameters of a deal still unclear, we estimate 

current tariff rates could result in around 200bps growth drag on China through 2026, 

which could push GDP growth below 4% this year. Though 1Q GDP came in stronger than 

expected at 5.4% on the back of export frontloading, a policy-induced consumption 

recovery, and strong manufacturing capex, the number matters less than usual given the 

implementation of US tariffs from 2Q onwards. In the absence of near-term trade talks, we 

expect stronger policy support to mitigate the damage. 

 

 

About 60% of US imports from China face 145% tariff hike 
Additional tariff rate for US imports from China in 2025 

 

Source: White House, USITC, US Customs & Border Protection, UBS, as of April 2025 

 

 

China’s self-help strategy 

Just like the 2018-19 trade war jumpstarted the China+1 strategy to diversify supply 

chains, the current trade war has incentivized Beijing to double down on its longer-term 

“self-improvement” plan. The strategy aims to strengthen domestic resilience by boosting 

consumption and tech innovation, while leveraging its traditional manufacturing 

dominance to support areas like AI-related infrastructure.  

 

 

Steel/Aluminum 25% + 
Fentanyl tariffs 20% 

Auto tariffs 25% + 
Fentanyl tariffs 20% 

Fentanyl tariffs 20% + 
reciprocal tariffs 125%

Fentanyl tariffs 20% (exempted 
from reciprocal tariffs)



 

 
 

Investing in Asia Pacific  |  May 2025    7  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

We see more volatility ahead for 

Chinese equities, but further upside 

once the US and China begin to 

work constructively on a deal. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

We see limited fallout from potential 

ADR delistings and a low risk that 

the US will restrict American 

investment into Chinese companies. 

The pivot makes sense in the face of huge external pressure. The domestic market should 

theoretically be able to partially offset any decline in exports given its vast size and 

household savings. However, a multi-year property downturn, labor market challenges, and 

underperforming markets have sapped the needed consumer confidence and appetite. If 

structural reforms and policy support can revive domestic spirits, we think the self-help plan 

can effectively boost longer-term productivity and growth.  

 

Prepare for more twists and turns 

We remain Neutral on Chinese equities. With the ball in Washington’s court, we think the 

timeline for trade talks to begin will only become clearer once the US takes the first step to 

remove its post-Liberation Day tariff hikes. Negotiations could also be prolonged and 

difficult, with China unlikely to agree to major concessions. Still, we expect tariff rates to 

eventually return to manageable levels, policy support is being ramped up, and micro 

trends in industries like AI and EV remain compelling.  

 

Though Chinese equities have pared back some of their strong 1Q gains, they remain a major 

outperformer year-to-date (+9%). We still see a period of elevated volatility and advise 

patience until it becomes clear that the US and China have begun to work constructively on a 

deal. But as progress is made, we think the broader China market can resume its upward 

trend through year-end. To position, we prefer to diversify into defensive SOE names in the 

financial, energy, telecom, and utilities sectors. We also like select e-commerce and consumer 

staples as beneficiaries of consumption stimulus. For the medium to long term, leading EV 

manufacturers look attractive due to their competitive cost advantages.  

 

 

Chinese equity valuations hinge on tariff negotiations 
Historical valuation of Chinese Equities 

 

Source: LSEA, UBS estimates, as of April 2025 

 

 

Investors must also be prepared for plenty of twists and turns. In an upside case, where 

President Trump quickly agrees to lower tariffs back to pre-Liberation Day levels, talks 

begin, and a faster-than-expected agreement is reached, we see a stronger mid-teens' 

rerating led by the China internet sector. However, if tensions ratchet up even further via 

secondary tariffs from US trade deals, new tech restrictions, and forced ADR delistings, we 

think Chinese equities could derate by 8-14% in a downside scenario.  

 

While forced Chinese ADR delistings has re-emerged as a risk following recent comments 

from US Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent, the fallout from such a move should be relatively 

contained. Most Chinese companies have already shifted their listings from the US to Hong 

Kong, with more than 80% of Chinese ADRs in the MSCI China basket holding a dual 

secondary or even dual primary listings in Hong Kong. The bigger concern, in our view, is 

whether the US government places restrictions on US investors’ ownership (which would 

hurt US investors more). On the flip side, we think the risk that China weaponizes its 

holdings of US Treasuries and equities is also low.  
  

6

8

10

12

14

16

18

20

2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 2025

Fwd PE Average -1 std +1 std

Average since 2016: 11.6x 

The 2018-19
trade war

trough 9.7x

If trade conflict swiftly 
resolves, valuation could 
rebound by mid-teens

If trade conflict spreads to finance, 
valuation could drop by 8-14%



 

 
 

Investing in Asia Pacific  |  May 2025    8  

 

 

 

 

 

We expect a broad-based tariff war 

to have a bigger negative impact on 

US growth than the rest of the world. 

 

 

 

 

The USD could rebound in the short 

term, but we expect it to weaken 

over the longer term. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Regionally, we think the JPY and 

AUD are most attractive against the 

USD over the medium term. 

 What does waning US(D) exceptionalism mean for regional currencies? 

An unexpected side effect of the trade war and broader US policy uncertainty has been a 

shift away from the US exceptionalism theme that’s dominated markets for the better part 

of the last decade.  

 

One of the biggest casualties has been the US dollar, which has bucked its role as a 

traditional safe haven and fallen sharply by around 9% from its January highs. The weakness 

reflects concerns that a broad-based tariff war (against all countries simultaneously) will exert 

a bigger negative impact on US growth than the rest of the world. Indeed, we have sharply 

downgraded US GDP growth by 50bps for 2025 (from 2% to 1.5%) and 110bps (from 

1.8% to 0.7%) for 2026, even after factoring Trump’s tariff pause. 

 

How should investors think about USD from here? On a short one-month view, we think 

the USD has been oversold and could regain some lost ground versus Asian currencies as 

trade deals are inked and recession fears ebb. However, the dollar’s longer-term trajectory 

is more important. We see USD weakness returning over the medium term, especially 

against G10 peers, as the US economy slows more than elsewhere, the Fed restarts its 

interest rate cuts, and investors are driven away by US policy unpredictability. As such, we 

would use short-term dollar rallies to reduce USD allocations.  

 

 

 

USD weakness has been uneven, mainly versus advanced economies 
(G10 currencies) 
Daily data 

 

Source: Bloomberg, UBS, as of April 2025 

 

 

 

Regionally, we think the JPY and AUD are most attractive against the USD over the 

medium term. Though the yen has already strengthened nearly 12% against the dollar 

since early January (from 159 to 141) and stretched technicals could limit short-term 

moves, we think the currency remains a good hedge against Trump policy uncertainty and 

should be supported by normalizing monetary policy through 2026. It’s worth noting that 

talk of a “Mar-a-lago Accord” to weaken the dollar against currencies like the yen has 

emerged, but we see this as an unlikely risk case that Japanese officials will not agree to 

given their experience with the Plaza Accord. Nevertheless, Japan could pledge some form 

of yen support in the face of US pressure.  

 

 

 

 

95

100

105

110

115

120

D
e
c-

2
1

M
a
r-

2
2

Ju
n
-2

2

S
e
p

-2
2

D
e
c-

2
2

M
a
r-

2
3

Ju
n
-2

3

S
e
p

-2
3

D
e
c-

2
3

M
a
r-

2
4

Ju
n
-2

4

S
e
p

-2
4

D
e
c-

2
4

M
a
r-

2
5

USD TWI Advanced Eco. USD TWI Emerging Eco.



 

 
 

Investing in Asia Pacific  |  May 2025    9  

Rate dynamics have historically been supportive 
AUDUSD 2Y rate spreads vs. AUDUSD 

 

Source: Bloomberg, UBS, as of April 2025 

 

 

For the AUD, the prospect of trade deals, a narrowing yield differential with the US in 

2H25, and stimulus in China support our target of year-end target of 0.66 (and 0.68 at 

end-March 2026). Across the rest of the G10 space, we see the EUR and GBP as most 

attractive. Gold has been a standout performer, and we expect it to rally further as 

geopolitical uncertainty, near-term inflation concerns, and strong central bank buying 

underpin demand. 

 

 

 

 

  Asset allocation 

• Regional trade should fall, led by China, as US tariffs take effect in 2Q onwards and push 

down volumes and pricing power. Regional central banks are likely to cut 3-4 times 

following the Federal Reserve. 

• We keep Asia ex-Japan equities as Neutral after our mid-March downgrade. We prefer to 

focus on select markets such as Taiwan and India. 

• Asia credit remains Attractive. While spreads may be volatile in the near term, we think 

Asia credit's strong fundamentals and low tariff exposure make it a stable carry asset. 

The asset class should also benefit from Fed rate cuts and is a good portfolio diversifier 

for Asia equities. 

• The CNY remains Unattractive. It should continue to underperform on a trade-weighted 

basis due to ongoing tariff stability but should be steadier vs. the USD. 

 

Summary 

US tariffs on Asia will be the key near-term focus. In particular, we are closely monitoring 

the impact on Asian exports and growth and the outcome of trade negotiations. Trade-

driven economies face bigger downside risks to growth. Regional central banks are likely to 

cut 3-4 times following the Fed, given fading USD strength and stabilizing FX reserves in 

many Asian markets. 

 

Asia credit is maintained as Attractive. All-in yields are around 6.0%, providing good carry. 

Despite recent volatility across global equity and high yield markets, total returns for Asia 

credit, as measured by the JACI index, has remained positive as well at 1.2% YTD. While 

spreads may continue to see some widening pressure in the near term, the extent should 

be mild and offset by falling US Treasury yields. As a result, we think Asia credit should still 

be able to achieve mid- to high-single digit returns for 2025. It can also be an effective 

diversifier for Asian equities, helping investors navigate near-term volatility and increasing 

the potential for positive portfolio returns in the long run. 

 

0.60

0.64

0.68

0.72

0.76

-1.5

-1.0

-0.5

0.0

0.5

Apr-22 Apr-23 Apr-24 Apr-25

AU-US 2Y yield differential (%, lhs) AUDUSD (rhs)



 

 
 

Investing in Asia Pacific  |  May 2025    10  

Asia ex-Japan equities as a whole is kept as Neutral after our mid-March downgrade.  We focus 

on select opportunities such as Taiwan and India. The tailwind from a weakening dollar could 

support Asia ex Japan equities, but intensified tariff uncertainty will likely drag on exports in the 

future. We believe current valuations may not be fully pricing in these growth and tariff risks. 

 

 

Asia credit can be an effective portfolio diversifier, smoothing 
volatility and increasing the likelihood of positive returns 
Likelihood of positive return under various holding periods 

 

MSCI Asia ex Japan total return gross index, JACI composite index, monthly rebalancing from January 2010 to December 2024. 

Source: MSCI, JPM, UBS 

 

Asia credit and Asia IG are Attractive. We believe the carry in Asia credit, which comprises 

around 85% investment grade (IG) and 15% high yield (HY) with an average yield of 6%, 

continues to look attractive despite the recent spread volatility. Year-to-date, Asia credit 

bonds have returned 1.2% (based on the JACI index) due to good carry and falling US yields. 

If rates continue to trend lower, then total returns could land in the mid- to high-single-digit 

range for the full-year 2025, with most of the contribution from rates and carry.  

 

JACI index credit spreads have widened around 40bps YTD on the back of slowing growth 

and recent escalation in trade tensions, with broad-based reciprocal tariffs announced on all 

Asian countries. However, the selloff has been more orderly than what was observed in 

equities, given that positioning in Asia credit has been light and few issuers have high 

exposure to tariffs. We expect spreads to remain volatile in the near term due to the negative 

sentiment backdrop, but further widening could be viewed as an attractive opportunity to 

pick up quality Asia bonds. Overall fundamentals have been solid going into 2025, net supply 

is low, and a mild slowdown in the Asian macro environment has already been priced into 

spreads. While IG rating migrations have turned net negative in March, we have continued to 

see strong upward rating migration trends HY. Defaults are also likely to be fairly limited this 

year. As such, in an environment of uncertainty, we believe that Asia IG and select Asia HY in 

the BB rated segment can be attractive portfolio stabilizers given high all in yields. With cash 

yields having already declined by 100bps in 2024, and likely a further 75-100bps by end-

2025, extending duration from cash into Asia credit (average duration of 4.5 years) provides 

an opportunity to lock in attractive yields while capturing additional carry from credit spreads.  

 

Asia ex-Japan equities are Neutral. After a mid-March downgrade from Attractive, we 

remain Neutral on the Asia ex-Japan market in the near term given elevated tariff 

uncertainty.  We prefer to stay selective in the region and focus on opportunities in Taiwan 

and India, which should benefit from strong AI links and resilient domestic demand.  

 

The CNY is Unattractive. Despite a recent broad weakening of the DXY dollar index, the 

CNY has remained stable versus the USD.  Going forward, we think the CNY should 

continue to underperform broadly on a trade-weighted basis but trade steadier against the 

USD, which we expect to remain under downward pressure over the medium term amid 

policy uncertainty and Fed rate cuts. 
  

56%

61%
64%

67% 67% 67%

82%

91%

59%

64%

72% 72%

80%

86%
88%

99%

1M 3M 6M 12M 18M 24M 36M 60M

Holding period

100% AxJ equities 50% AxJ equities + 50% Asia credit



 

 
 

Investing in Asia Pacific  |  May 2025    11  

Messages in focus 

 

 

Seek durable income  

 

Navigate political risks 

Despite the significant increase in downside risks to growth, 
bond yields have remained elevated. We believe this creates an 
opportunity for investors to seek durable portfolio income. High 
grade (including Agency MBS, municipal and sustainable 
bonds) and investment grade bonds offer attractive risk-reward 
and can help hedge against market downturns. Much wider 
credit spreads are improving the outlook for riskier credit; 
however, with economic visibility low, we prefer diversified 
portfolio income strategies—including senior loans, private 
credit, equity income, and higher quality credit. 

 

Gold remains near record highs, reaffirming its value as a 
hedge amid ongoing geopolitical and political risks. With our 
price target raised to USD 3,500/oz through early 2026, we see 
gold well supported by “safe haven” demand and structural 
buying. We favor using dips as buying opportunities or entering 
defensively to protect gains. For investors seeking to preserve 
gains while retaining upside, capital preservation strategies can 
also be applied in equities. Silver, meanwhile, offers a 
complementary play, with investment demand expected to 
support prices alongside gold. 

     

 

Phase into equities  

 

Seek sell-off opportunities 

While we expect near-term volatility to remain high, we 
anticipate equities will rise by year-end as the Trump 
administration strikes deals to reduce tariffs, and as rate cuts 
and potential fiscal support improve investor sentiment. 
Investors can navigate near-term volatility and position for 
longer-term upside by phasing into US equities or balanced 
portfolios, or by utilizing capital preservation strategies. 

 Recent volatility has created select attractive opportunities at 
the single stock and market level, with various companies with 
strong long-term prospects now trading at more attractive 
valuations. In the US, we have identified 20 companies across 
sectors that are higher quality, have solid business models, and 
offer good long-term value. In Europe, our “Six ways to invest 
in Europe” list focuses on defensive champions benefiting from 
market volatility, higher defense spending, and fiscal stimulus. 
In Asia, we favor India and Taiwan. 

     

 
Sell dollar rallies  

 

Invest in transformational innovation 

Following a recent sell-off, we expect the US dollar to stabilize 
in the near term, as the Federal Reserve remains cautious on 
rate cuts while other central banks ease policy in response to 
weaker growth. In our view, current dollar levels are only 
justified if there is a significant deterioration in US economic 
activity or a major increase in political uncertainty. Over the 
medium term, we anticipate renewed dollar weakness as the 
US economy slows and focus shifts to the US’s large deficits. 
We prefer using any periods of near-term dollar strength as an 
opportunity to reduce USD allocations in favor of currencies 
such as the yen, euro, pound, and Australian dollar. 

 We maintain strong conviction in the long-term potential of our 
Transformational Innovation Opportunity themes, including 
Artificial intelligence, Power and resources, and Longevity. While 
recent market volatility has weighed on these sectors, we see this 
as an opportunity for long-term investors to build exposure to 
what we believe will be among the world’s fastest-growing 
industries. Phasing into investments or using capital preservation 
strategies can help manage short-term risks. We also see 
compelling opportunities for sustainability-focused investors, 
particularly in energy and health care, given the ongoing global 
emphasis on energy security and improved health outcomes. 

     

 

Diversify with alternatives 

 

 

Strengthen your core 

More uncertain markets make diversification even more 
critical—both across and within alternative assets. In hedge 
funds, we favor low net equity long/short, macro, and multi-
strategy approaches. Within private markets, we prefer private 
credit, value-oriented buyouts, and secondaries, including 
infrastructure. Thematically, we favor software, health, and 
climate. We also see a bright outlook for quality assets in global 
residential and commercial real estate, particularly in logistics, 
data centers, and multifamily housing. 

 Periods of market volatility can quickly reveal parts of a 
portfolio that may not be working effectively toward long-term 
goals. We generally recommend that investors implement a 
“core” portfolio, well-diversified across asset classes, 
geographies, and sectors, designed to grow wealth steadily 
over time. This “core” can be held alongside more 
opportunistic “satellite” investments, allowing investors to stay 
on course for long-term goals even as markets and “satellite” 
investments become more volatile. 

     
  



 

 
 

Investing in Asia Pacific  |  May 2025    12  

UBS APAC forecasts 
 
 
 

APAC economic forecasts 
% change y/y 
 

  GDP   CPI 

  2023 2024E 2025E 2026E   2023 2024E 2025E 2026E 

Australia 2.1 1.0 1.9 2.0   5.6 3.2 2.4 2.5 

New Zealand 1.8 –0.5 1.0 2.3   5.7 2.9 2.3 2.2 

China 5.4 5.0 3.4 3.0   0.2 0.4 –0.6 –0.5 

Indonesia 5.0 5.0 4.7 4.8   3.7 2.3 1.5 2.6 

Malaysia 3.6 5.1 4.0 4.3   2.5 1.8 2.1 3.1 

Philippines 5.5 5.6 5.8 5.6   6.0 3.2 2.4 2.9 

Thailand 2.0 2.5 1.5 1.7   1.2 0.4 0.5 1.0 

South Korea 1.4 2.1 1.0 1.8   3.6 2.3 1.9 1.7 

Taiwan 1.1 4.6 2.6 2.5   2.5 2.1 1.8 1.6 

India 9.2 6.5 6.0 6.4   5.4 4.6 4.0 4.2 

Singapore 1.8 4.4 1.2 1.9   4.8 2.4 1.0 1.8 

Hong Kong 3.2 2.5 1.0 1.8   2.1 2.0 1.2 1.6 

Japan 1.5 0.1 0.8 0.3   3.3 2.7 3.0 1.2 

Asia ex-Japan 5.7 5.1 3.9 3.9   2.1 1.8 1.0 1.2 

APAC 5.3 4.6 3.6 3.6   2.3 1.9 1.2 1.2 

 
Source: UBS, as of 23 April 2025 

 
 
 

APAC currencies versus the USD 
We see limited upside potential for Asian currencies in 2025 

 

 
25-Apr-25 Jun-25 Sep-25 Dec-25 Mar-26 

USDCNY 7.30 7.30 7.25 7.20 7.15 

USDIDR 16,865 16,900 16,900 16,800 16,800 

USDINR 85.4 89.0 89.0 88.5 88.0 

USDKRW 1,421 1,480 1,480 1,460 1,440 

USDMYR 4.39 4.50 4.50 4.45 4.40 

USDPHP 56.57 59.50 59.50 59.00 59.00 

USDSGD 1.31 1.35 1.34 1.33 1.33 

USDTHB 33.42 35.00 34.80 34.50 34.50 

USDTWD 32.49 33.20 33.00 32.50 32.50 

USDJPY 143 144 142 140 138 

AUDUSD 0.64 0.64 0.66 0.68 0.70 

NZDUSD 0.60 0.60 0.61 0.62 0.64 

 
Source: Bloomberg, UBS, as of 25 April 2025 

  



 

 
 

Investing in Asia Pacific  |  May 2025    13  

Appendix 
 
Global asset class preferences 

The asset class preferences provide high-level guidance to make investment decisions. The preferences reflect the collective 

judgement of the members of the House View meeting, primarily based on assessments of expected total returns on liquid, 

commonly known indexes, House View scenarios, and analyst convictions over the next 12 months. Note that the tactical asset 

allocation (TAA) positioning of our different investment strategies may differ from these views due to factors including portfolio 

construction, concentration, and borrowing constraints. 

 

Attractive: We consider this asset class to be attractive. Consider opportunities in this asset class. 

Neutral: We do not expect outsized returns or losses. Hold longer-term exposure. 

Unattractive: We consider this asset class to be unattractive. Consider alternative opportunities. 

 

Note: For equities, we have collapsed “Most Attractive” with “Attractive” and “Least Attractive” with “Unattractive” from the 

five-tier rating system that is found in the Equity Compass into 3 tiers. 
 
 
Non-Traditional Assets 

Non-traditional asset classes are alternative investments that include hedge funds, private equity, real estate, and 

managed futures (collectively, alternative investments). Interests of alternative investment funds are sold only to qualified 

investors, and only by means of offering documents that include information about the risks, performance and expenses of alternative 

investment funds, and which clients are urged to read carefully before subscribing and retain. An investment in an alternative 

investment fund is speculative and involves significant risks. Specifically, these investments  

1. are not mutual funds and are not subject to the same regulatory requirements as mutual funds;  

2. may have performance that is volatile, and investors may lose all or a substantial amount of their investment;  

3. may engage in leverage and other speculative investment practices that may increase the risk of investment loss;  

4. are long-term, illiquid investments, there is generally no secondary market for the interests of a fund, and none is expected to 

develop;  

5. interests of alternative investment funds typically will be illiquid and subject to restrictions on transfer;  

6. may not be required to provide periodic pricing or valuation information to investors;  

7. generally involve complex tax strategies and there may be delays in distributing tax information to investors;  

8. are subject to high fees, including management fees and other fees and expenses, all of which will reduce profits. 

 

Interests in alternative investment funds are not deposits or obligations of, or guaranteed or endorsed by, any bank or other insured 

depository institution, and are not federally insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, the Federal Reserve Board, or any 

other governmental agency. Prospective investors should understand these risks and have the financial ability and willingness to accept 

them for an extended period of time before making an investment in an alternative investment fund and should consider an alternative 

investment fund as a supplement to an overall investment program. 

 

In addition to the risks that apply to alternative investments generally, the following are additional risks related to an investment in 

these strategies: 

• Hedge Fund Risk: There are risks specifically associated with investing in hedge funds, which may include risks associated with 

investing in short sales, options, small-cap stocks, "junk bonds," derivatives, distressed securities, non-U.S. securities and illiquid 

investments. 

• Managed Futures: There are risks specifically associated with investing in managed futures programs. For example, not all managers 

focus on all strategies at all times, and managed futures strategies may have material directional elements. 

• Real Estate: There are risks specifically associated with investing in real estate products and real estate investment trusts. They 

involve risks associated with debt, adverse changes in general economic or local market conditions, changes in governmental, tax, 

real estate and zoning laws or regulations, risks associated with capital calls and, for some real estate products, the risks associated 

with the ability to qualify for favorable treatment under the federal tax laws. 

• Private Equity: There are risks specifically associated with investing in private equity. Capital calls can be made on short no-tice, 

and the failure to meet capital calls can result in significant adverse consequences including, but not limited to, a total loss of 

investment. 

• Foreign Exchange/Currency Risk: Investors in securities of issuers located outside of the United States should be aware that even 

for securities denominated in U.S. dollars, changes in the exchange rate between the U.S. dollar and the issuer’s "home" currency 

can have unexpected effects on the market value and liquidity of those securities. Those securities may also be affected by other 

risks (such as political, economic or regulatory changes) that may not be readily known to a U.S. investor. 
  



 

 
 

Investing in Asia Pacific  |  May 2025    14  

Risk Information 

 

UBS Chief Investment Office's ("CIO") investment views are prepared and published by the Global Wealth Management business of 

UBS Switzerland AG (regulated by FINMA in Switzerland) or its affiliates ("UBS"), part of UBS Group AG ("UBS Group"). UBS Group 

includes former Credit Suisse AG, its subsidiaries, branches and affiliates. Additional disclaimer relevant to Credit Suisse Wealth 

Management follows at the end of this section. 

The investment views have been prepared in accordance with legal requirements designed to promote the independence of 

investment research. 

 

Generic investment research – Risk information: 

This publication is for your information only and is not intended as an offer, or a solicitation of an offer, to buy or sell any investment 

or other specific product. The analysis contained herein does not constitute a personal recommendation or take into account the 

particular investment objectives, investment strategies, financial situation and needs of any specific recipient. It is based on numerous 

assumptions. Different assumptions could result in materially different results. Certain services and products are subject to legal 

restrictions and cannot be offered worldwide on an unrestricted basis and/or may not be eligible for sale to all investors. All information 

and opinions expressed in this document were obtained from sources believed to be reliable and in good faith, but no representation 

or warranty, express or implied, is made as to its accuracy or completeness (other than disclosures relating to UBS). All information 

and opinions as well as any forecasts, estimates and market prices indicated are current as of the date of this report, and are subject 

to change without notice. Opinions expressed herein may differ or be contrary to those expressed by other business areas or divisions 

of UBS as a result of using different assumptions and/or criteria. 

 

In no circumstances may this document or any of the information (including any forecast, value, index or other calculated amount 

("Values")) be used for any of the following purposes (i) valuation or accounting purposes; (ii) to determine the amounts due or 

payable, the price or the value of any financial instrument or financial contract; or (iii) to measure the performance of any financial 

instrument including, without limitation, for the purpose of tracking the return or performance of any Value or of defining the asset 

allocation of portfolio or of computing performance fees. By receiving this document and the information you will be deemed to 

represent and warrant to UBS that you will not use this document or otherwise rely on any of the information for any of the above 

purposes. UBS and any of its directors or employees may be entitled at any time to hold long or short positions in investment 

instruments referred to herein, carry out transactions involving relevant investment instruments in the capacity of principal or agent, 

or provide any other services or have officers, who serve as directors, either to/for the issuer, the investment instrument itself or to/for 

any company commercially or financially affiliated to such issuers. At any time, investment decisions (including whether to buy, sell or 

hold securities) made by UBS and its employees may differ from or be contrary to the opinions expressed in UBS research publications. 

Some investments may not be readily realizable since the market in the securities is illiquid and therefore valuing the investment and 

identifying the risk to which you are exposed may be difficult to quantify. UBS relies on information barriers to control the flow of 

information contained in one or more areas within UBS, into other areas, units, divisions or affiliates of UBS. Futures and options 

trading is not suitable for every investor as there is a substantial risk of loss, and losses in excess of an initial investment may occur. 

Past performance of an investment is no guarantee for its future performance. Additional information will be made available upon 

request. Some investments may be subject to sudden and large falls in value and on realization you may receive back less than you 

invested or may be required to pay more. Changes in foreign exchange rates may have an adverse effect on the price, value or income 

of an investment. The analyst(s) responsible for the preparation of this report may interact with trading desk personnel, sales personnel 

and other constituencies for the purpose of gathering, synthesizing and interpreting market information. 

 

Different areas, groups, and personnel within UBS Group may produce and distribute separate research products independently of 

each other. For example, research publications from CIO are produced by UBS Global Wealth Management. UBS Global Research is 

produced by UBS Investment Bank. Research methodologies and rating systems of each separate research organization may 

differ, for example, in terms of investment recommendations, investment horizon, model assumptions, and valuation methods. As a 

consequence, except for certain economic forecasts (for which UBS CIO and UBS Global Research may collaborate), investment 

recommendations, ratings, price targets, and valuations provided by each of the separate research organizations may be different, or 

inconsistent. You should refer to each relevant research product for the details as to their methodologies and rating system. Not all 

clients may have access to all products from every organization. Each research product is subject to the policies and procedures of the 

organization that produces it.  

 

The compensation of the analyst(s) who prepared this report is determined exclusively by research management and senior 

management (not including investment banking). Analyst compensation is not based on investment banking, sales and trading or 

principal trading revenues, however, compensation may relate to the revenues of UBS Group as a whole, of which investment banking, 

sales and trading and principal trading are a part. 

 
  



 

 
 

Investing in Asia Pacific  |  May 2025    15  

Tax treatment depends on the individual circumstances and may be subject to change in the future. UBS does not provide legal or tax 

advice and makes no representations as to the tax treatment of assets or the investment returns thereon both in general or with 

reference to specific client's circumstances and needs. We are of necessity unable to take into account the particular investment 

objectives, financial situation and needs of our individual clients and we would recommend that you take financial and/or tax advice 

as to the implications (including tax) of investing in any of the products mentioned herein. 

 

This material may not be reproduced or copies circulated without prior authority of UBS. Unless otherwise agreed in writing UBS 

expressly prohibits the distribution and transfer of this material to third parties for any reason. UBS accepts no liability whatsoever for 

any claims or lawsuits from any third parties arising from the use or distribution of this material. This report is for distribution only 

under such circumstances as may be permitted by applicable law. For information on the ways in which CIO manages conflicts and 

maintains independence of its investment views and publication offering, and research and rating methodologies, please visit 

www.ubs.com/research-methodology. Additional information on the relevant authors of this publication and other CIO publication(s) 

referenced in this report; and copies of any past reports on this topic; are available upon request from your client advisor. 

 

Important Information About Sustainable Investing Strategies: Sustainable investing strategies aim to consider and incorporate 

environmental, social and governance (ESG) factors into investment process and portfolio construction. Strategies across geographies 

approach ESG analysis and incorporate the findings in a variety of ways. Incorporating ESG factors or Sustainable Investing 

considerations may inhibit UBS’s ability to participate in or to advise on certain investment opportunities that otherwise would be 

consistent with the Client’s investment objectives. The returns on a portfolio incorporating ESG factors or Sustainable Investing 

considerations may be lower or higher than portfolios where ESG factors, exclusions, or other sustainability issues are not considered 

by UBS, and the investment opportunities available to such portfolios may differ. 

 

External Asset Managers / External Financial Consultants: In case this research or publication is provided to an External Asset 

Manager or an External Financial Consultant, UBS expressly prohibits that it is redistributed by the External Asset Manager or the 

External Financial Consultant and is made available to their clients and/or third parties. 

 

USA: Distributed to US persons only by UBS Financial Services Inc. or UBS Securities LLC, subsidiaries of UBS AG. UBS Switzerland AG, 

UBS Europe SE, UBS Bank, S.A., UBS Brasil Administradora de Valores Mobiliarios Ltda, UBS Asesores Mexico, S.A. de C.V., UBS SuMi 

TRUST Wealth Management Co., Ltd., UBS Wealth Management Israel Ltd and UBS Menkul Degerler AS are affiliates of UBS AG. UBS 

Financial Services Inc. accepts responsibility for the content of a report prepared by a non-US affiliate when it distributes 

reports to US persons. All transactions by a US person in the securities mentioned in this report should be effected 

through a US-registered broker dealer affiliated with UBS, and not through a non-US affiliate. The contents of this report 

have not been and will not be approved by any securities or investment authority in the United States or elsewhere. UBS 

Financial Services Inc. is not acting as a municipal advisor to any municipal entity or obligated person within the meaning 

of Section 15B of the Securities Exchange Act (the "Municipal Advisor Rule") and the opinions or views contained herein 

are not intended to be, and do not constitute, advice within the meaning of the Municipal Advisor Rule. 

 

For country information, please visit ubs.com/cio-country-disclaimer-gr or ask your client advisor for the full disclaimer. 

 

Additional Disclaimer relevant to Credit Suisse Wealth Management 

You receive this document in your capacity as a client of Credit Suisse Wealth Management. Your personal data will be processed in 

accordance with the Credit Suisse privacy statement accessible at your domicile through the official Credit Suisse website 

https://www.credit-suisse.com. In order to provide you with marketing materials concerning our products and services, UBS Group 

AG and its subsidiaries may process your basic personal data (i.e. contact details such as name, e-mail address) until you notify us that 

you no longer wish to receive them. You can optout from receiving these materials at any time by informing your Relationship 

Manager. 

 

Except as otherwise specified herein and/or depending on the local Credit Suisse entity from which you are receiving this report, this 

report is distributed by UBS Switzerland AG, authorised and regulated by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority (FINMA). 

 

Version D/2024. CIO82652744 

© UBS 2025. The key symbol and UBS are among the registered and unregistered trademarks of UBS. All rights reserved. 

http://www.ubs.com/research-methodology
https://www.ubs.com/global/en/wealth-management/chief-investment-office/country-disclaimer-gr.html
https://www.credit-suisse.com/

