
23 May 2025, 10:01 UTC
Chief Investment Office GWM
Investment Research

Seek sell-off opportunities
Seek sell-off opportunities
 
 Author: Sagar Khandelwal, Strategist, UBS Switzerland AG

• Why (1) The potential for a protracted global
trade conflict has caused a steep fall in stocks with
signs of indiscriminate selling. (2) For investors
willing to look through near-term volatility, we see
opportunities in select companies with beaten-
down valuations but solid business models. (3)
Beyond the US market, the sell-off has also created
better entry points for more defensive parts of the
European market that could benefit from increased
government spending by Germany, especially on
defense.

• Why now (1) Although we expect stocks to
remain volatile, we do expect the broad equity
rally to resume as trade deals are reached to bring
down tariffs. (2) Assuming confidence returns,
valuations of quality companies that were sold
off unfairly may not remain depressed for long.
(3) In Asia, we believe India’s economy is starting
to show signs of recovery, while the Taiwanese
market appears well placed to benefit from rising
spending on AI by big tech firms.

Source: After a sharp fall in stocks, we believe many companies with good
long-term prospects are now looking attractive.

 
Sell-off opportunities in the US
US equities have been under pressure since investors started
to worry about the implications of President Trump's tariff
policies. Since the White House tariff announcements on 2
April, which was more aggressive than expected, markets
have been highly volatile, with bouts of indiscriminate
selling. At the recent low for the S&P 500 on 8 April,
the index was only around 1 percentage point away from
meeting the common definition of a bear market of a
20% fall from its peak. We believe the market became
oversold and should rebound further as uncertainty abates
over President Trump’s trade policy. But we also believe it is
worth looking for opportunities in the market. We therefore
identified 20 US stocks that are high quality, have solid
business models, and now offer, in our view, good longer-
term value.

Ways to invest in Europe
After a strong start to the year, European equities
have recently corrected due to the new tariff risks and
uncertainties surrounding economic and earnings growth
forecasts. While we maintain our Neutral stance on the
region overall given the ongoing uncertainties, we continue
to identify select single-stock opportunities that should
benefit from emerging trends.

We see the following catalysts and corresponding trends in
Europe: (i) more defense spending overall, (ii) a new German
government that puts a greater emphasis on fiscal stimulus,
(iii) a possible Russia/Ukraine ceasefire/peace deal, and (iv) a
trade war that typically leads to higher market volatility. We
have adjusted the six key equity drivers arising from these
catalysts and replaced "A cyclical economic recovery ahead
in Europe" with "Defensive champions that benefit from
increased market volatility." Please refer to our report "Six

This report has been prepared by UBS Switzerland AG. Please see important disclaimers and disclosures at the end
of the document.



Seek sell-off opportunities

ways to invest in Europe - update," published 10 April 2025,
for further details.

We recommend investing in a diversified manner across all
six segments. The sub-themes are:
1) Defensive champions that benefit from increased market
volatility,
2) Post-election beneficiaries in Germany,
3) Rising security investments (defense and cyber),
4) Rebuilding Ukraine and recovery in Eastern Europe,
5) Beneficiaries of lower energy costs in Europe,
6) Globally active European companies with limited global
trade risks.

In addition, we like European small- and mid-cap equities
given their significant price-to-earnings (P/E) discount to
large caps—the largest in more than 20 years. Better
manufacturing growth in 2025, driven by rising wages
and falling inflation, favors smaller companies sensitive
to domestic conditions, in our view. Structural growth
trends in industrials, electrification, and decarbonization
should further support these stocks. We favor stocks with
high corporate quality, self-help strategies, and diversified
business models to mitigate risks

Upside in Asia
Asia has arguably been hit hardest with unexpectedly high
tariffs, but at the same time, we observe attempts for
solutions and expect an eventual resumption of discussions
with at least some rewinding of tariffs between the US
and China. We present stocks from many markets in the
region, including defensive names as well as industry and
technology leaders. The rationale for the latter is that
these companies are either not directly affected by US
tariffs or, if they are (e.g., in Taiwan), have strong product
positioning that limits consumer substitution and have
already signaled increased US investment to help mitigate
risks. Despite current tensions, we also include stocks from
mainland China and recommend some defensive picks
offering attractive yields and valuations.

In Asia, we favor markets where we believe long-term
local stocks drivers, structurally high GDP growth, and
healthy earnings growth prospects can weather US tariff
threats. In particular, we like Taiwan equities, as the
expected acceleration in AI capital spending by US megacap
technology companies should support Taiwan’s IT sector,
which accounts for close to 80% of the MSCI Taiwan Index
by market cap. We also like Indian equities. India’s economy
is beginning to show signs of recovery. GDP growth is
expected to stabilize around 6.3% in FY26 (starting 1 April
2025). The Nifty has corrected since late last year, but
we maintain our view that FY26 will see a meaningful
improvement in earnings growth. We currently see the

greatest opportunities in financial and consumer stocks,
while we maintain a cautious stance on the pharma sector.

Yield-generating structured strategies
Yield-generating strategies provide investors with
alternative access to underlying stocks—an approach that
is especially attractive when market volatility is elevated.
At present, most measures of equity volatility—such as
the CBOE VIX index for the US stock market—are trading
well above their historical averages. These strategies enable
investors to capitalize on heightened volatility by generating
income and, in some cases, also allowing investors to wait
for a more favorable entry point to gain direct exposure to
stocks.

2



Seek sell-off opportunities

Appendix

Risk information
UBS Chief Investment Office's ("CIO") investment views are prepared and published by the Global Wealth Management
business of UBS Switzerland AG (regulated by FINMA in Switzerland) or its affiliates ("UBS"), part of UBS Group AG ("UBS
Group"). UBS Group includes former Credit Suisse AG, its subsidiaries, branches and affiliates. Additional disclaimer relevant
to Credit Suisse Wealth Management follows at the end of this section.
The investment views have been prepared in accordance with legal requirements designed to promote the independence
of investment research.
Generic investment research – Risk information:
This publication is for your information only and is not intended as an offer, or a solicitation of an offer, to buy or sell
any investment or other specific product. The analysis contained herein does not constitute a personal recommendation or
take into account the particular investment objectives, investment strategies, financial situation and needs of any specific
recipient. It is based on numerous assumptions. Different assumptions could result in materially different results. Certain
services and products are subject to legal restrictions and cannot be offered worldwide on an unrestricted basis and/or may
not be eligible for sale to all investors. All information and opinions expressed in this document were obtained from sources
believed to be reliable and in good faith, but no representation or warranty, express or implied, is made as to its accuracy
or completeness (other than disclosures relating to UBS). All information and opinions as well as any forecasts, estimates
and market prices indicated are current as of the date of this report, and are subject to change without notice. Opinions
expressed herein may differ or be contrary to those expressed by other business areas or divisions of UBS as a result of
using different assumptions and/or criteria. UBS may utilise artificial intelligence tools (“AI Tools”) in the preparation of this
document. Notwithstanding any such use of AI Tools, this document has undergone human review.
In no circumstances may this document or any of the information (including any forecast, value, index or other calculated
amount ("Values")) be used for any of the following purposes (i) valuation or accounting purposes; (ii) to determine the
amounts due or payable, the price or the value of any financial instrument or financial contract; or (iii) to measure the
performance of any financial instrument including, without limitation, for the purpose of tracking the return or performance
of any Value or of defining the asset allocation of portfolio or of computing performance fees. By receiving this document
and the information you will be deemed to represent and warrant to UBS that you will not use this document or otherwise
rely on any of the information for any of the above purposes. UBS and any of its directors or employees may be entitled at
any time to hold long or short positions in investment instruments referred to herein, carry out transactions involving relevant
investment instruments in the capacity of principal or agent, or provide any other services or have officers, who serve as
directors, either to/for the issuer, the investment instrument itself or to/for any company commercially or financially affiliated
to such issuers. At any time, investment decisions (including whether to buy, sell or hold securities) made by UBS and its
employees may differ from or be contrary to the opinions expressed in UBS research publications. Some investments may not
be readily realizable since the market in the securities is illiquid and therefore valuing the investment and identifying the risk
to which you are exposed may be difficult to quantify. UBS relies on information barriers to control the flow of information
contained in one or more areas within UBS, into other areas, units, divisions or affiliates of UBS. Futures and options trading
is not suitable for every investor as there is a substantial risk of loss, and losses in excess of an initial investment may occur.
Past performance of an investment is no guarantee for its future performance. Additional information will be made available
upon request. Some investments may be subject to sudden and large falls in value and on realization you may receive back
less than you invested or may be required to pay more. Changes in foreign exchange rates may have an adverse effect on
the price, value or income of an investment. The analyst(s) responsible for the preparation of this report may interact with
trading desk personnel, sales personnel and other constituencies for the purpose of gathering, synthesizing and interpreting
market information.
Different areas, groups, and personnel within UBS Group may produce and distribute separate research products
independently of each other. For example, research publications from CIO are produced by UBS Global Wealth
Management. UBS Global Research is produced by UBS Investment Bank. Research methodologies and rating systems
of each separate research organization may differ, for example, in terms of investment recommendations, investment
horizon, model assumptions, and valuation methods. As a consequence, except for certain economic forecasts (for which
UBS CIO and UBS Global Research may collaborate), investment recommendations, ratings, price targets, and valuations
provided by each of the separate research organizations may be different, or inconsistent. You should refer to each relevant
research product for the details as to their methodologies and rating system. Not all clients may have access to all products
from every organization. Each research product is subject to the policies and procedures of the organization that produces it.
The compensation of the analyst(s) who prepared this report is determined exclusively by research management and senior
management (not including investment banking). Analyst compensation is not based on investment banking, sales and
trading or principal trading revenues, however, compensation may relate to the revenues of UBS Group as a whole, of which
investment banking, sales and trading and principal trading are a part.
Tax treatment depends on the individual circumstances and may be subject to change in the future. UBS does not provide
legal or tax advice and makes no representations as to the tax treatment of assets or the investment returns thereon both in

3



Seek sell-off opportunities

general or with reference to specific client's circumstances and needs. We are of necessity unable to take into account the
particular investment objectives, financial situation and needs of our individual clients and we would recommend that you
take financial and/or tax advice as to the implications (including tax) of investing in any of the products mentioned herein.
This material may not be reproduced or copies circulated without prior authority of UBS. Unless otherwise agreed in writing
UBS expressly prohibits the distribution and transfer of this material to third parties for any reason. UBS accepts no liability
whatsoever for any claims or lawsuits from any third parties arising from the use or distribution of this material. This report
is for distribution only under such circumstances as may be permitted by applicable law. For information on the ways in
which CIO manages conflicts and maintains independence of its investment views and publication offering, and research
and rating methodologies, please visit www.ubs.com/research-methodology. Additional information on the relevant authors
of this publication and other CIO publication(s) referenced in this report; and copies of any past reports on this topic; are
available upon request from your client advisor.
Important Information About Sustainable Investing Strategies: Sustainable investing strategies aim to consider
and incorporate environmental, social and governance (ESG) factors into investment process and portfolio construction.
Strategies across geographies approach ESG analysis and incorporate the findings in a variety of ways. Incorporating ESG
factors or Sustainable Investing considerations may inhibit UBS’s ability to participate in or to advise on certain investment
opportunities that otherwise would be consistent with the Client’s investment objectives. The returns on a portfolio
incorporating ESG factors or Sustainable Investing considerations may be lower or higher than portfolios where ESG factors,
exclusions, or other sustainability issues are not considered by UBS, and the investment opportunities available to such
portfolios may differ.
External Asset Managers / External Financial Consultants: In case this research or publication is provided to an External
Asset Manager or an External Financial Consultant, UBS expressly prohibits that it is redistributed by the External Asset
Manager or the External Financial Consultant and is made available to their clients and/or third parties.
USA: Distributed to US persons only by UBS Financial Services Inc. or UBS Securities LLC, subsidiaries of UBS AG. UBS
Switzerland AG, UBS Europe SE, UBS Bank, S.A., UBS Brasil Administradora de Valores Mobiliarios Ltda, UBS Asesores Mexico,
S.A. de C.V., UBS SuMi TRUST Wealth Management Co., Ltd., UBS Wealth Management Israel Ltd and UBS Menkul Degerler
AS are affiliates of UBS AG. UBS Financial Services Inc. accepts responsibility for the content of a report prepared
by a non-US affiliate when it distributes reports to US persons. All transactions by a US person in the securities
mentioned in this report should be effected through a US-registered broker dealer affiliated with UBS, and not
through a non-US affiliate. The contents of this report have not been and will not be approved by any securities
or investment authority in the United States or elsewhere. UBS Financial Services Inc. is not acting as a municipal
advisor to any municipal entity or obligated person within the meaning of Section 15B of the Securities Exchange
Act (the "Municipal Advisor Rule") and the opinions or views contained herein are not intended to be, and do
not constitute, advice within the meaning of the Municipal Advisor Rule.
For country information, please visit ubs.com/cio-country-disclaimer-gr or ask your client advisor for the full disclaimer.
Additional Disclaimer relevant to Credit Suisse Wealth Management
You receive this document in your capacity as a client of Credit Suisse Wealth Management. Your personal data will be
processed in accordance with the Credit Suisse privacy statement accessible at your domicile through the official Credit
Suisse website . In order to provide you with marketing materials concerning our products and services, UBS Group AG
and its subsidiaries may process your basic personal data (i.e. contact details such as name, e-mail address) until you notify
us that you no longer wish to receive them. You can optout from receiving these materials at any time by informing your
Relationship Manager.
Except as otherwise specified herein and/or depending on the local Credit Suisse entity from which you are receiving this
report, this report is distributed by UBS Switzerland AG, authorised and regulated by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory
Authority (FINMA).
Version A/2025. CIO82652744
© UBS 2025. The key symbol and UBS are among the registered and unregistered trademarks of UBS. All rights reserved.

4

http://www.ubs.com/research-methodology
https://www.ubs.com/global/en/wealthmanagement/insights/chief-investment-office/country-disclaimer-gr.html

