
25 April 2025, 08:46PM UTC
Chief Investment Office GWM
Investment Research

What’s the right weight for US assets in a
portfolio?
Investment strategy insights
 
 Authors: Kiran Ganesh, Strategist, UBS AG London Branch; Achim Peijan, Strategist, UBS Switzerland AG; Thomas Wacker, CFA, Head CIO Credit, UBS
Switzerland AG; Justin Waring, Investment Strategist, CIO Americas, UBS Financial Services Inc. (UBS FS); Alan Zlatar, Head of Strategic Asset Allocation,
UBS Switzerland AG; Vincent Heaney, Strategist, UBS AG London Branch; Matthew Carter, Strategist, UBS AG London Branch

• Recent uncertainty around US tariffs, Fed
independence, America’s global role, and US
equities’ premium valuation to peers has led non-
US investors to question “US exceptionalism” and
reconsider their US asset exposure. The right
allocation requires careful balance.

• For equities, simple frameworks like market cap,
GDP, or earnings weighting suggest US allocations
from 25% to 60%. Diversification, home bias,
and risk-return expectations complicate the true
strategic weight. We outline some of the reasons
why investors might adjust their long-term holdings.

• In fixed income, non-US investors can blend home
currency, EUR, and USD bonds, using hedging to
manage currency risk. Selective currency hedging
can enhance returns and reduce volatility but comes
with costs and requires ongoing review.

Source: Shutterstock

 
Uncertainty around US tariff policy, the independence of the
Federal Reserve, and the US’s international role have led
investors to question the idea of “US exceptionalism.”

Determining the right allocation to US stocks, bonds,
and the US dollar is a central portfolio question for self-
directed investors who do not delegate portfolio building
and management to professional investors.

The US remains the world’s largest economy and financial
market, but recent volatility and shifting global dynamics
have prompted many to reconsider their exposure.

While the right answer is rarely “all in” or “all out,” finding
the right balance requires understanding the role US assets
play in a diversified portfolio, the frameworks for allocation,
and the evolving risks and opportunities.

This report provides a practical guide to help non-US
investors make informed decisions about US asset weights,
without prescribing a one-size-fits-all number.

How to approach US equities
Like with all asset classes, investors need to consider how
much they wish to hold over many business cycles (also
known as a strategic asset allocation) and whether they
want to hold more or less of an asset to exploit current
opportunities and risks (also known as a tactical asset
allocation).

At the time of writing, CIO holds an Attractive view on
US equities in our tactical asset allocation. We expect the
broad S&P 500 index to rise to 5,800 by the end of 2025
as tariff uncertainty eases, the Fed cuts interest rates, and
investors’ focus shifts toward the prospect of a rebound
in US earnings growth in 2026. We believe that phasing

This report has been prepared by UBS AG London Branch, UBS Switzerland AG, UBS Financial Services Inc. (UBS FS).
Please see important disclaimers and disclosures at the end of the document.



Investment strategy insights

in or capital-preservation approaches can allow investors to
benefit from medium-term growth while managing near-
term timing risks.

Historically, US exceptionalism has been a significant theme
in financial markets borne out by performance.

According to the Global Investment Returns Yearbook 2025,
an investment of one dollar in US equities in 1900 would
have grown to USD 2,911 in real (after inflation) terms by
the end of 2024, compared to USD 194 for ex-US equities
over the same period. From 2020 to 2024, US equities
(MSCI USA) outperformed ex-US equities (MSCI AC World
ex-US) by 72 percentage points, driven by a post-pandemic
boom that saw nominal US GDP rise roughly 35% alongside
strong corporate earnings growth and rapid technological
advances.

But recently US exceptionalism has been tested as investor
uncertainty over US tariffs, Fed independence, America’s
global role, and US equities’ premium valuation to peers
have led to US asset underperformance or turbulence. At
the time of writing, US equities have underperformed ex-
US equities by around 15 percentage points year to date.
The US dollar and US Treasuries have deviated from historical
patterns and declined amid recent volatility. The relative
steepening of the US Treasury yield curve indicates that
investors are demanding an additional risk premium on
longer-term US government debt.

So, for those trying to find the right strategic allocation to US
equities today, self-directed investors may want to consider
the consequences of how challenges to US exceptionalism
might impact methods for deciding on equity allocations.

Market capitalization weighting allocates based on
the size of each country’s stock market. The US
currently accounts for about 60% of global equity market
capitalization. This method is widely used by global
benchmarks and passive funds, reflecting the dominance of
US companies like Apple, Microsoft, and Amazon. However,
it can lead to concentration risk, as the largest markets and
sectors receive the most weight. In the event of the US’s pre-
eminence being challenged, US equities may underperform
non-US equities, meaning a declining share of market-cap-
weighted indexes and a natural fall in US equity exposure.

If stock allocations are based on GDP weighting, the US
representing roughly 25% of global GDP would account for
25% of a strategic allocation to stocks. While seemingly
resulting in a more diversified portfolio than market cap
methods, few investors allocate to stocks in this way given
it fails to account for many large companies operating
globally. Statistical evidence also shows a weak relationship

between a country’s GDP and its stock market performance.
For instance, China’s GDP is nearly as large as the US, but its
stock market is much smaller and less accessible to foreign
investors.

Another seldom used methodology, earnings weighting,
would invest based on company profits (earnings). Such an
approach would treat every dollar of profit equally, leading
to a more balanced allocation than market-cap weighting.
However, it tends to overweight “value” companies and
underweight high-growth firms, which often trade at
higher valuations. In much of the post-financial crisis
period, favoring value over growth would have foregone
performance.

Practically, many investors naturally allocate more to their
home market—sometimes by 10–20 percentage points—
due to tax incentives, lower costs, liability considerations,
or greater familiarity. While this can increase comfort and
“staying power,” it may reduce diversification.

Self-directed investors can borrow ideas from professional
portfolio builders to decide on their strategic weight to US
equities. Money managers, in simple terms, use historical
and expected data on economic, corporate, and valuation
trends to produce risk and return assumptions for different
capital market assets. They then look at how closely or
divergently different asset returns have typically moved to
understand how holding assets together in a portfolio may
affect how much it swings (volatility). Finally, a variety of
“optimizations” are applied to produce a model portfolio,
depending on what an investor wants their portfolio to
achieve. These range from equally weighted approaches to
matching major stock indexes closely, through to boosting
risk-adjusted returns and minimizing the likelihood of
experiencing outsized market falls.

Each standalone approach has its merits and pitfalls. While
it’s beyond the scope of this paper to expand on this
technical subject, we can show that CIO analysis of these
different methods suggests a wide range of potential
US equity exposures (MSCI USA) for a balanced investor.
Using an approach biased toward historical returns and
minimizing outsized losses would allocate nearly 40% of a
balanced portfolio to US stocks. A simple “mean-variance”
approach suggests an impractical zero allocation to US
stocks because today’s elevated valuations compared to
history are expected to weigh on future returns.

For practical purposes, we believe that 50% of the equity
allocation in a balanced portfolio to US stocks (25% of
the entire overall portfolio) is the right long-term allocation.
But we acknowledge that self-directed investors may seek a
lower allocation if they expect lower US stock returns over

2



Investment strategy insights

the next 10-15 years compared to other stock markets; if
they expect US stock returns to be more choppy than other
equity markets; or if they expect US equities to behave in a
consistently different way to other equity markets (i.e., US
equity returns become more sensitive to global growth or
risk, also known as being a “higher beta market”).

How to approach US dollar
bonds
Fixed income allocation is more nuanced, especially for non-
US investors. The most relevant factor for bond returns
is the currency of denomination, not the domicile of the
issuer, and most larger companies issue bonds in various
currencies.

Most investors apply a home currency focus in bonds.
While there typically is a liquid government bond market
even in smaller currencies, diversifying within corporate
bonds is often difficult, and secondary market liquidity can
be low.

Therefore, a blended approach with a home currency core
and currency-hedged exposure to more diversified and
liquid bond markets, such as the USD and EUR markets,
can offer better risk-adjusted returns. In particular riskier
segments of the bond market, like high yield and emerging
markets bonds offer a broader diversification in USD than
in EUR.

For example, a Eurozone investor may keep their high grade
and investment grade allocation in EUR-denominated bonds
(which includes US companies issuing in the currency), but
may use currency-hedged USD bonds for segments where
the EUR market is small.

For many non-US investors, especially those in Europe or
Switzerland, holding a mix of currency-hedged USD and EUR
bonds can enhance diversification and return potential.

Yet unhedged USD bonds can introduce significant volatility
for EUR- or CHF-based investors, as currency volatility
materially exceeds bond volatility. In recent times, investor
concerns over US policy have led to the US dollar losing
ground against both the euro and Swiss franc. These
movements would likely have dominated returns and risk
for non-USD-based holders of USD bonds.

Currency hedging can help align returns with domestic
liabilities and reduce volatility. The cost of hedging
depends on the short-term interest rate differential between
currencies. When US rates are higher than EUR or CHF rates,
hedging USD exposure reduces the carry yield advantage,

but different monetary policy settings and changes in the
shape of the yield curve can still result in different return
outcomes compared to home currency bonds.

Swiss franc investors face unique challenges. The Swiss bond
market is relatively small and offers very low yields—Swiss
government bonds have often yielded less than 1%, and
sometimes even negative yields. As a result, CHF investors
seeking higher returns often look to EUR or USD bonds.

For CHF-based investors, a core allocation to high-quality
Swiss bonds can provide stability and liquidity. Allocating a
significant portion of the fixed income portfolio to foreign
bonds in EUR or USD to achieve higher yields can cause
outsized currency losses during episodes of Swiss franc
strength. Hedging this risk removes the yield advantage.
While being better diversified, such allocations typically
contribute only moderate returns to the overall portfolio.

For CHF investors, the optimal mix might be a core allocation
to Swiss and EUR bonds (fully hedged), with a satellite
allocation to USD bonds (fully hedged). This approach
balances yield, diversification, and risk management.

We also note a few important considerations when it comes
to building strategic bond exposures:

• For high-grade and investment-grade bonds, most
returns come from the yield curve, which is determined
by the currency of denomination and the prevailing
interest rate and future monetary policy environment.

• For high yield and emerging market bonds, credit
spreads, issuer, and regional risk play a larger role in
determining future returns.

• If an investor’s home bond market is small, less liquid,
or has less developed credit markets, consider a core
allocation to USD or EUR bonds, hedging the currency
risk.

• Allocating to bonds by regional weights may fail to
account for the fact that many investment-grade
issuers are global companies and could result in a high
allocation to more indebted countries in a portfolio.

How to approach the US dollar
Again acknowledging that this report talks about the
long-term outlook rather than the short-run outlook (and
repeating that CIO holds a tactical, six- to twelve-month
Neutral view on the US dollar), it is important to consider
different strategic approaches to holding the US dollar.

3



Investment strategy insights

Hedging all foreign currency exposure eliminates currency
risk, aligning portfolio returns with domestic expenses.
Historical studies (such as the Global Investment Returns
Yearbook) show that fully hedged portfolios often have
better risk-adjusted returns in domestic currency. However,
hedging can be costly or complex, especially for less liquid
currencies.

Leaving currency exposure unhedged reduces costs and
complexity but increases portfolio volatility that is not
normally well compensated from a return perspective.
For non-US investors, this can mean a USD weight of
30-70%, depending on the equity and bond allocation.
Unhedged exposure may suit globally mobile investors or
those benchmarking against global indices.

A pragmatic approach is to hedge selectively—hedging
major exposures but leaving some currencies unhedged if
costs are high or if the foreign currency is undervalued. For
example, some investors may choose to hedge US dollar
exposure but leave Japanese yen exposure unhedged if the
yen appears cheap.

In recent times, the US dollar has not behaved as a
traditional “safe haven” as some investor fears that US
exceptionalism is fading and recession and fiscal risks rising
have led the dollar to weaken even as US equities fell.

So, for some non-US investors, currency hedging some
or all of their exposure to US equities may now offer
both return enhancement and reduced volatility, a marked
departure from recent years when hedging the USD was less
favorable. By locking in exchange rates, foreign investors can
potentially preserve gains that might otherwise be eroded by
persistent currency depreciation or enduringly higher USD
volatility, while mitigating abrupt market swings.

Conversely, US investors may find that holding international
equities without a hedge may be more beneficial if they
believe that US policy uncertainties and fiscal vulnerabilities
look set to continue.

In many cases, currency hedging can stabilize portfolio
performance by locking in exchange rates. For foreign
investors in US equities, hedged positions can protect
against USD weakness and avoid abrupt currency-driven
losses. Meanwhile, hedging international equities can shield
US investors from rapid swings in non-dollar currencies,
potentially lowering overall volatility. Over time, effective
hedging may raise risk-adjusted returns by minimizing
exchange rate noise, allowing the underlying equity
fundamentals to drive performance. However, hedging
strategies typically come with costs, such as forward
premiums or option expenses, which can significantly

reduce net returns compared to the foreign market’s local
currency return.

4



Investment strategy insights

Appendix

Risk Information
UBS Chief Investment Office's ("CIO") investment views are prepared and published by the Global Wealth Management
business of UBS Switzerland AG (regulated by FINMA in Switzerland) or its affiliates ("UBS"), part of UBS Group AG ("UBS
Group"). UBS Group includes former Credit Suisse AG, its subsidiaries, branches and affiliates. Additional disclaimer relevant
to Credit Suisse Wealth Management follows at the end of this section.
The investment views have been prepared in accordance with legal requirements designed to promote the independence
of investment research.
Generic investment research – Risk information:
This publication is for your information only and is not intended as an offer, or a solicitation of an offer, to buy or sell
any investment or other specific product. The analysis contained herein does not constitute a personal recommendation or
take into account the particular investment objectives, investment strategies, financial situation and needs of any specific
recipient. It is based on numerous assumptions. Different assumptions could result in materially different results. Certain
services and products are subject to legal restrictions and cannot be offered worldwide on an unrestricted basis and/or may
not be eligible for sale to all investors. All information and opinions expressed in this document were obtained from sources
believed to be reliable and in good faith, but no representation or warranty, express or implied, is made as to its accuracy
or completeness (other than disclosures relating to UBS). All information and opinions as well as any forecasts, estimates
and market prices indicated are current as of the date of this report, and are subject to change without notice. Opinions
expressed herein may differ or be contrary to those expressed by other business areas or divisions of UBS as a result of
using different assumptions and/or criteria. UBS may utilise artificial intelligence tools (“AI Tools”) in the preparation of this
document. Notwithstanding any such use of AI Tools, this document has undergone human review.
In no circumstances may this document or any of the information (including any forecast, value, index or other calculated
amount ("Values")) be used for any of the following purposes (i) valuation or accounting purposes; (ii) to determine the
amounts due or payable, the price or the value of any financial instrument or financial contract; or (iii) to measure the
performance of any financial instrument including, without limitation, for the purpose of tracking the return or performance
of any Value or of defining the asset allocation of portfolio or of computing performance fees. By receiving this document
and the information you will be deemed to represent and warrant to UBS that you will not use this document or otherwise
rely on any of the information for any of the above purposes. UBS and any of its directors or employees may be entitled at
any time to hold long or short positions in investment instruments referred to herein, carry out transactions involving relevant
investment instruments in the capacity of principal or agent, or provide any other services or have officers, who serve as
directors, either to/for the issuer, the investment instrument itself or to/for any company commercially or financially affiliated
to such issuers. At any time, investment decisions (including whether to buy, sell or hold securities) made by UBS and its
employees may differ from or be contrary to the opinions expressed in UBS research publications. Some investments may not
be readily realizable since the market in the securities is illiquid and therefore valuing the investment and identifying the risk
to which you are exposed may be difficult to quantify. UBS relies on information barriers to control the flow of information
contained in one or more areas within UBS, into other areas, units, divisions or affiliates of UBS. Futures and options trading
is not suitable for every investor as there is a substantial risk of loss, and losses in excess of an initial investment may occur.
Past performance of an investment is no guarantee for its future performance. Additional information will be made available
upon request. Some investments may be subject to sudden and large falls in value and on realization you may receive back
less than you invested or may be required to pay more. Changes in foreign exchange rates may have an adverse effect on
the price, value or income of an investment. The analyst(s) responsible for the preparation of this report may interact with
trading desk personnel, sales personnel and other constituencies for the purpose of gathering, synthesizing and interpreting
market information.
Different areas, groups, and personnel within UBS Group may produce and distribute separate research products
independently of each other. For example, research publications from CIO are produced by UBS Global Wealth
Management. UBS Global Research is produced by UBS Investment Bank. Research methodologies and rating systems
of each separate research organization may differ, for example, in terms of investment recommendations, investment
horizon, model assumptions, and valuation methods. As a consequence, except for certain economic forecasts (for which
UBS CIO and UBS Global Research may collaborate), investment recommendations, ratings, price targets, and valuations
provided by each of the separate research organizations may be different, or inconsistent. You should refer to each relevant
research product for the details as to their methodologies and rating system. Not all clients may have access to all products
from every organization. Each research product is subject to the policies and procedures of the organization that produces it.
The compensation of the analyst(s) who prepared this report is determined exclusively by research management and senior
management (not including investment banking). Analyst compensation is not based on investment banking, sales and
trading or principal trading revenues, however, compensation may relate to the revenues of UBS Group as a whole, of which
investment banking, sales and trading and principal trading are a part.
Tax treatment depends on the individual circumstances and may be subject to change in the future. UBS does not provide
legal or tax advice and makes no representations as to the tax treatment of assets or the investment returns thereon both in

5



Investment strategy insights

general or with reference to specific client's circumstances and needs. We are of necessity unable to take into account the
particular investment objectives, financial situation and needs of our individual clients and we would recommend that you
take financial and/or tax advice as to the implications (including tax) of investing in any of the products mentioned herein.
This material may not be reproduced or copies circulated without prior authority of UBS. Unless otherwise agreed in writing
UBS expressly prohibits the distribution and transfer of this material to third parties for any reason. UBS accepts no liability
whatsoever for any claims or lawsuits from any third parties arising from the use or distribution of this material. This report
is for distribution only under such circumstances as may be permitted by applicable law. For information on the ways in
which CIO manages conflicts and maintains independence of its investment views and publication offering, and research
and rating methodologies, please visit www.ubs.com/research-methodology. Additional information on the relevant authors
of this publication and other CIO publication(s) referenced in this report; and copies of any past reports on this topic; are
available upon request from your client advisor.
Important Information About Sustainable Investing Strategies: Sustainable investing strategies aim to consider
and incorporate environmental, social and governance (ESG) factors into investment process and portfolio construction.
Strategies across geographies approach ESG analysis and incorporate the findings in a variety of ways. Incorporating ESG
factors or Sustainable Investing considerations may inhibit UBS’s ability to participate in or to advise on certain investment
opportunities that otherwise would be consistent with the Client’s investment objectives. The returns on a portfolio
incorporating ESG factors or Sustainable Investing considerations may be lower or higher than portfolios where ESG factors,
exclusions, or other sustainability issues are not considered by UBS, and the investment opportunities available to such
portfolios may differ.
External Asset Managers / External Financial Consultants: In case this research or publication is provided to an External
Asset Manager or an External Financial Consultant, UBS expressly prohibits that it is redistributed by the External Asset
Manager or the External Financial Consultant and is made available to their clients and/or third parties.
USA: This document is not intended for distribution into the US and / or to US persons.
For country information, please visit ubs.com/cio-country-disclaimer-gr or ask your client advisor for the full disclaimer.
Additional Disclaimer relevant to Credit Suisse Wealth Management
You receive this document in your capacity as a client of Credit Suisse Wealth Management. Your personal data will be
processed in accordance with the Credit Suisse privacy statement accessible at your domicile through the official Credit
Suisse website. In order to provide you with marketing materials concerning our products and services, UBS Group AG and
its subsidiaries may process your basic personal data (i.e. contact details such as name, e-mail address) until you notify us
that you no longer wish to receive them. You can optout from receiving these materials at any time by informing your
Relationship Manager.
Except as otherwise specified herein and/or depending on the local Credit Suisse entity from which you are receiving this
report, this report is distributed by UBS Switzerland AG, authorised and regulated by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory
Authority (FINMA).
Version A/2025. CIO82652744
© UBS 2025. The key symbol and UBS are among the registered and unregistered trademarks of UBS. All rights reserved.

6

http://www.ubs.com/research-methodology
https://www.ubs.com/global/en/wealthmanagement/insights/chief-investment-office/country-disclaimer-gr.html

