
28 April 2025, 14:18 BST
Chief Investment Office GWM
Investment Research

Signal over noise #8: IMF meetings – What does
the world economic outlook look like?
Global equity strategy
 
 Author: Ulrike Hoffmann-Burchardi, Head CIO Global Equities, UBS Financial Services Inc. (UBS FS)

• Discussions at the recent IMF Spring Meetings
centered on the impact of tariffs on
economic growth. Following the universal tariff
announcements, the IMF projected a slowdown in
global growth, with an even sharper deceleration
expected for the US economy.

• We believe that ongoing tariff negotiations should
support a shift from a universal toward a
more selective tariff regime, helping mitigate
the projected negative effects. Meanwhile, the
administration’s growing emphasis on pro-growth
policies suggests a shift away from a singular focus
on tariffs.

• At the same time, US exceptionalism has been
increasingly questioned. While we acknowledge the
risks, largely owing to concerns over fiscal deficits,
we do not believe the conditions currently exist for
the US dollar to lose its status as the global reserve
currency.

 
We attended the IMF and World Bank Spring Meetings last
week in Washington DC, and we share our three take-aways
along with our views.

1. Economic outlook
The investor and analyst sentiment among conference
participants seemed gloomy, and much worse than
the revised lower economic outlook in the IMF’s
World Economic Outlook following the universal tariff
announcements on 2 April. The IMF sees a slowdown in
global economic growth from 3.3% to 2.8% because of the
tariffs but does not see a global or US recession looming
in 2025. This contrasts with the many discussions during
IMF meetings where recession fears surfaced because of
the ongoing policy uncertainties and the currently excessive
tariff load on Chinese goods, which has brought Chinese
imports to the US to a halt.

CIO view: The medium-term economic outlook is likely
brighter than sentiment suggests. The tariff pause opens
the door to selective tariffs, which are economically less
damaging to the US than universal tariffs (see also Signal
vs Noise #7). Universal tariffs are analogous to a tax on
all products, leaving no release valve for companies and
consumers, and therefore have a broad economic impact.
The IMF forecasts, which were revised after Liberation Day
announcements, but before the tariff pause, reflect this
thesis (see table 1), with US growth suffering the most
under the universal tariffs of 2 April (-0.9% in the US versus
-0.5% globally). We are looking for data points in the next
weeks that tariff agreements will become more nuanced
—i.e., differentiated by products and countries. This shift
toward a selective-tariff regime could (1) result in a smaller
slowdown in global growth, and (2) lead to a narrower gap
in the relative growth impact between the US and the rest
of the world.

This report has been prepared by UBS Financial Services Inc. (UBS FS). Please see important disclaimers and
disclosures at the end of the document.

https://secure.ubs.com/public/api/v2/investment-content/documents/eoI4P_DuAq2GYc8GcFo-bg?apikey=1AS8wxGGWLjxy6J92ees52Uz5ZrWmy6m
https://secure.ubs.com/public/api/v2/investment-content/documents/eoI4P_DuAq2GYc8GcFo-bg?apikey=1AS8wxGGWLjxy6J92ees52Uz5ZrWmy6m


Global equity strategy

Table 1 - IMF cut 2025 GDP growth forecasts after
universal tariff announcements
2025 real GDP growth forecasts and revisions from January 2025
following tariff announcements on 2 April. In %

Source: IMF World Economic Outlook, UBS as of Apr 2025

2. "Sell the US narrative"
This view was prevalent in many meetings, with discussions
of the dollar losing its reserve currency status, the end of US
exceptionalism, and the loss of trust in the US as a trade and
geopolitical partner.

CIO view: We acknowledge the signs that call US
exceptionalism into question, most notably the challenge
of the US in stimulating economic growth while managing
a fiscal deficit at 6.4% of GDP and a debt-to-GDP ratio
exceeding 120%. However, history shows that the loss of
reserve currency status takes more than persistent and rising
deficits (see table 2). It took about 40 years for the British
pound to lose its reserve currency status to the US, largely
driven by a weakened economy after two world wars,
Britain’s attempt to return to the gold standard, and the
US rising as a strong economic competitor. None of these
factors are at play right now. On the contrary, we continue to
see the US in the pole position with the next three structural
growth drivers of the global economy—AI, electrification,
and longevity—and recently (10 April) tactically upgraded
our US equity market view to Attractive.

Table 2 - Global reserve currency status: USD vs
GBP

Source: UBS

3. US administration talking points
The focus seemed to shift toward fiscal policies, and an
emphasis on a de-escalatory approach to tariff negotiations,
including with China.

CIO view: Tax cuts and deregulation were mentioned as
the next milestones in the US administration’s agenda.
Although we do not expect significant additional fiscal
stimulus in the US this year, we see this as positive signs
that tariffs are being de-emphasized as a cornerstone of
the agenda, with a pivot toward more pro-growth policies.
We are looking for tariff deal announcements with India,
Japan, and other Asian countries, along with a de-escalation
on China tariffs to corroborate that a more constructive
tariff dialogue is in fact under way. Given the current tariff
outlook in Asia, we continue to favor Taiwan and India as
our preferred markets, while maintaining a Neutral stance
on China.

2



Global asset class preferences definitions
The asset class preferences provide high-level guidance to make investment decisions. The preferences reflect the collective 
judgement of the members of the House View meeting, primarily based on assessments of expected total returns on liquid, 
commonly known stock indexes, House View scenarios, and analyst convictions over the next 12 months. Note that the 
tactical asset allocation (TAA) positioning of our different investment strategies may differ from these views due to factors 
including portfolio construction, concentration, and borrowing constraints.
Most attractive – We consider this asset class to be among the most attractive. Investors should seek opportunities to 
add exposure.
Attractive – We consider this asset class to be attractive. Consider opportunities in this asset class.
Neutral – We do not expect outsized returns or losses. Hold longer-term exposure.
Unattractive – We consider this asset class to be unattractive. Consider alternative opportunities.
Least attractive – We consider this asset class to be among the least attractive. Seek more favorable alternative 
opportunities.

3

Note: For equities, we have collapsed “Most Attractive” with “Attractive” and “Least Attractive” with “Unattractive” from the 
five-tier rating system that is found in the Equity Compass into three tiers.

1637860_307a3526-da7c-406c-89ac-8d1d5844b35b.pdf



Global equity strategy

Appendix

Risk information
UBS Chief Investment Office's ("CIO") investment views are prepared and published by the Global Wealth Management
business of UBS Switzerland AG (regulated by FINMA in Switzerland) or its affiliates ("UBS"), part of UBS Group AG ("UBS
Group"). UBS Group includes former Credit Suisse AG, its subsidiaries, branches and affiliates. Additional disclaimer relevant
to Credit Suisse Wealth Management follows at the end of this section.
The investment views have been prepared in accordance with legal requirements designed to promote the independence
of investment research.
Generic investment research – Risk information:
This publication is for your information only and is not intended as an offer, or a solicitation of an offer, to buy or sell
any investment or other specific product. The analysis contained herein does not constitute a personal recommendation or
take into account the particular investment objectives, investment strategies, financial situation and needs of any specific
recipient. It is based on numerous assumptions. Different assumptions could result in materially different results. Certain
services and products are subject to legal restrictions and cannot be offered worldwide on an unrestricted basis and/or may
not be eligible for sale to all investors. All information and opinions expressed in this document were obtained from sources
believed to be reliable and in good faith, but no representation or warranty, express or implied, is made as to its accuracy
or completeness (other than disclosures relating to UBS). All information and opinions as well as any forecasts, estimates
and market prices indicated are current as of the date of this report, and are subject to change without notice. Opinions
expressed herein may differ or be contrary to those expressed by other business areas or divisions of UBS as a result of
using different assumptions and/or criteria. UBS may utilise artificial intelligence tools (“AI Tools”) in the preparation of this
document. Notwithstanding any such use of AI Tools, this document has undergone human review.
In no circumstances may this document or any of the information (including any forecast, value, index or other calculated
amount ("Values")) be used for any of the following purposes (i) valuation or accounting purposes; (ii) to determine the
amounts due or payable, the price or the value of any financial instrument or financial contract; or (iii) to measure the
performance of any financial instrument including, without limitation, for the purpose of tracking the return or performance
of any Value or of defining the asset allocation of portfolio or of computing performance fees. By receiving this document
and the information you will be deemed to represent and warrant to UBS that you will not use this document or otherwise
rely on any of the information for any of the above purposes. UBS and any of its directors or employees may be entitled at
any time to hold long or short positions in investment instruments referred to herein, carry out transactions involving relevant
investment instruments in the capacity of principal or agent, or provide any other services or have officers, who serve as
directors, either to/for the issuer, the investment instrument itself or to/for any company commercially or financially affiliated
to such issuers. At any time, investment decisions (including whether to buy, sell or hold securities) made by UBS and its
employees may differ from or be contrary to the opinions expressed in UBS research publications. Some investments may not
be readily realizable since the market in the securities is illiquid and therefore valuing the investment and identifying the risk
to which you are exposed may be difficult to quantify. UBS relies on information barriers to control the flow of information
contained in one or more areas within UBS, into other areas, units, divisions or affiliates of UBS. Futures and options trading
is not suitable for every investor as there is a substantial risk of loss, and losses in excess of an initial investment may occur.
Past performance of an investment is no guarantee for its future performance. Additional information will be made available
upon request. Some investments may be subject to sudden and large falls in value and on realization you may receive back
less than you invested or may be required to pay more. Changes in foreign exchange rates may have an adverse effect on
the price, value or income of an investment. The analyst(s) responsible for the preparation of this report may interact with
trading desk personnel, sales personnel and other constituencies for the purpose of gathering, synthesizing and interpreting
market information.
Different areas, groups, and personnel within UBS Group may produce and distribute separate research products
independently of each other. For example, research publications from CIO are produced by UBS Global Wealth
Management. UBS Global Research is produced by UBS Investment Bank. Research methodologies and rating systems
of each separate research organization may differ, for example, in terms of investment recommendations, investment
horizon, model assumptions, and valuation methods. As a consequence, except for certain economic forecasts (for which
UBS CIO and UBS Global Research may collaborate), investment recommendations, ratings, price targets, and valuations
provided by each of the separate research organizations may be different, or inconsistent. You should refer to each relevant
research product for the details as to their methodologies and rating system. Not all clients may have access to all products
from every organization. Each research product is subject to the policies and procedures of the organization that produces it.
The compensation of the analyst(s) who prepared this report is determined exclusively by research management and senior
management (not including investment banking). Analyst compensation is not based on investment banking, sales and
trading or principal trading revenues, however, compensation may relate to the revenues of UBS Group as a whole, of which
investment banking, sales and trading and principal trading are a part.
Tax treatment depends on the individual circumstances and may be subject to change in the future. UBS does not provide
legal or tax advice and makes no representations as to the tax treatment of assets or the investment returns thereon both in

4



Global equity strategy

general or with reference to specific client's circumstances and needs. We are of necessity unable to take into account the
particular investment objectives, financial situation and needs of our individual clients and we would recommend that you
take financial and/or tax advice as to the implications (including tax) of investing in any of the products mentioned herein.
This material may not be reproduced or copies circulated without prior authority of UBS. Unless otherwise agreed in writing
UBS expressly prohibits the distribution and transfer of this material to third parties for any reason. UBS accepts no liability
whatsoever for any claims or lawsuits from any third parties arising from the use or distribution of this material. This report
is for distribution only under such circumstances as may be permitted by applicable law. For information on the ways in
which CIO manages conflicts and maintains independence of its investment views and publication offering, and research
and rating methodologies, please visit www.ubs.com/research-methodology. Additional information on the relevant authors
of this publication and other CIO publication(s) referenced in this report; and copies of any past reports on this topic; are
available upon request from your client advisor.
Important Information About Sustainable Investing Strategies: Sustainable investing strategies aim to consider
and incorporate environmental, social and governance (ESG) factors into investment process and portfolio construction.
Strategies across geographies approach ESG analysis and incorporate the findings in a variety of ways. Incorporating ESG
factors or Sustainable Investing considerations may inhibit UBS’s ability to participate in or to advise on certain investment
opportunities that otherwise would be consistent with the Client’s investment objectives. The returns on a portfolio
incorporating ESG factors or Sustainable Investing considerations may be lower or higher than portfolios where ESG factors,
exclusions, or other sustainability issues are not considered by UBS, and the investment opportunities available to such
portfolios may differ.
External Asset Managers / External Financial Consultants: In case this research or publication is provided to an External
Asset Manager or an External Financial Consultant, UBS expressly prohibits that it is redistributed by the External Asset
Manager or the External Financial Consultant and is made available to their clients and/or third parties.
USA: Distributed to US persons only by UBS Financial Services Inc. or UBS Securities LLC, subsidiaries of UBS AG. UBS
Switzerland AG, UBS Europe SE, UBS Bank, S.A., UBS Brasil Administradora de Valores Mobiliarios Ltda, UBS Asesores Mexico,
S.A. de C.V., UBS SuMi TRUST Wealth Management Co., Ltd., UBS Wealth Management Israel Ltd and UBS Menkul Degerler
AS are affiliates of UBS AG. UBS Financial Services Inc. accepts responsibility for the content of a report prepared
by a non-US affiliate when it distributes reports to US persons. All transactions by a US person in the securities
mentioned in this report should be effected through a US-registered broker dealer affiliated with UBS, and not
through a non-US affiliate. The contents of this report have not been and will not be approved by any securities
or investment authority in the United States or elsewhere. UBS Financial Services Inc. is not acting as a municipal
advisor to any municipal entity or obligated person within the meaning of Section 15B of the Securities Exchange
Act (the "Municipal Advisor Rule") and the opinions or views contained herein are not intended to be, and do
not constitute, advice within the meaning of the Municipal Advisor Rule.
For country information, please visit ubs.com/cio-country-disclaimer-gr or ask your client advisor for the full disclaimer.
Additional Disclaimer relevant to Credit Suisse Wealth Management
You receive this document in your capacity as a client of Credit Suisse Wealth Management. Your personal data will be
processed in accordance with the Credit Suisse privacy statement accessible at your domicile through the official Credit
Suisse website . In order to provide you with marketing materials concerning our products and services, UBS Group AG
and its subsidiaries may process your basic personal data (i.e. contact details such as name, e-mail address) until you notify
us that you no longer wish to receive them. You can optout from receiving these materials at any time by informing your
Relationship Manager.
Except as otherwise specified herein and/or depending on the local Credit Suisse entity from which you are receiving this
report, this report is distributed by UBS Switzerland AG, authorised and regulated by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory
Authority (FINMA).
Version A/2025. CIO82652744
© UBS 2025. The key symbol and UBS are among the registered and unregistered trademarks of UBS. All rights reserved.

5

http://www.ubs.com/research-methodology
https://www.ubs.com/global/en/wealthmanagement/insights/chief-investment-office/country-disclaimer-gr.html

