
29 April 2025, 07:54PM UTC
Chief Investment Office GWM
Investment Research

Tariff Q&A
Investing in China
 
 Authors: Yifan Hu, CIO Greater China and Head Macroeconomics APAC, UBS AG Hong Kong Branch; Eva Lee, CFA, Strategist, UBS AG Hong Kong
Branch; Kathy Li, CFA, Macro Strategist, UBS AG Hong Kong Branch; Allen Pu, CFA, Analyst, UBS AG Hong Kong Branch; Teck Leng Tan, CFA, Strategist,
UBS AG Singapore Branch; Sundeep Gantori, CFA, CAIA, CIO Equity Strategist, UBS AG Singapore Branch; Eve Li, CFA, Credit Strategist, UBS AG Hong
Kong Branch; Stephanie Choi, CIO Sustainable and Impact Investing Strategist, UBS AG Hong Kong Branch; Jessie Ren, Strategist, UBS AG Hong Kong
Branch

• It may take time for China and the US to reach an
agreement if any talks restart, as their gap on tariffs
could remain large. China is expected to ramp up
policy support to mitigate tariff impact.

• We recommend a defensive positioning towards
select SOEs in financials, energy, utilities, and
telecom sectors. Within China tech, we prefer online
gaming and travel platforms with robust cash flow.

• On fixed income, we think Asia IG offers an
attractive carry and prefer an average duration of
five years.

• We expect USDCNY to trade in a narrow band and
reach 7.2 by year-end. Source: UBS Database

Special contribution:
Julian Wee, Investment Writer

 

This report has been prepared by UBS AG Hong Kong Branch, UBS AG Singapore Branch. Please see important
disclaimers and disclosures at the end of the document.



Investing in China

Tariff Q&A
Yifan Hu, Regional CIO & Head Macroeconomics APAC
Eva Lee, CFA, Head CIO Equities Greater China
Kathy Li, CFA, CIO Macro Strategist
Allen Pu, CFA, CIO Equity Strategist

After the aggressive tit-for-tat tariff rate hikes earlier this
month, investors are still nervously watching the standoff
between China and the US. Below, we address some
frequently asked questions about how the China-US trade
dispute might evolve, and how this could affect China
equities.

Are US and China even talking yet? Will they reach a
deal soon?
China appears to be in no hurry to enter into trade talks with
the US yet. Beijing’s stance is clear: “if there is a fight, we
are ready; if there is an opportunity to talk, we are open”.
In our view, this implies it prefers “letting the bullet fly for a
while”—i.e., waiting for the US to back down from its tariffs
first. China has officially denied formal negotiations with the
US thus far. In our view, we think the US tariffs should at
least fall to sub-34% as a reasonable starting point before
China comes to the table to talk.

Negotiations are also impacted by trade dependencies. The
US heavily depends on China’s electronic imports, especially
smartphones, PC monitors and laptops, which account for
over 65% of total US imports. That is likely why the US has
thus exempted most of these products—worth near USD
100bn, or 20% of total imports from China.

In contrast, it seems easier for China to diversify its imports
from the US. Two items stood out: for large imports of US
aircraft, China may incrementally increase the share of EU
aircraft instead. For agricultural imports like soybeans, China
may shift more purchases to other suppliers like Brazil and
Argentina.

Altogether, the gap between the US and China on tariffs
could remain large. Thus, in our view, it will likely take time
to reach an agreement if any talks start. As a whole, we do

We think the US tariffs should at least
fall to sub-34% as a reasonable starting
point before China comes to the table
to talk.

not expect a deal soon despite Trump’s back-and-forth
positioning over tariffs.

Who will be hit more by tariffs: the US or China?
The current tariffs could hurt the US more than China, in
our view. For the US, we now expect economic growth of
1.5% for 2025, down from 2.8% in 2024. Inflation may
rise by 1-2ppts (from the current level of around 3%) if the
proposed tariffs are sustained. Consumer confidence has
marked the fourth consecutive month of decline in April,
adding to investor fears that this will spill over to weaker
actual spending and labor market. The Federal Reserve may
cut 75-100bps this year in response to signs of economic
weakness, in our view.

For China, we expect a GDP growth hit of about 200bps for
2025-26, making the official 2025 growth target of “around
5%” more challenging. The Politburo has called for faster
policy implementation, timely reserve requirement ratio
(RRR) and interest rate cuts, and signaled an incremental
stimulus plan for worst-case scenarios. China will also likely
provide policy support in both the short and long term,
which has been termed the ‘self-betterment’ strategy. In
the short term, 1) Beijing could cut the RRR by 100-200bps
and interest rates by 30-50bps; 2) there could also be
an incremental CNY 1-3tr in fiscal stimulus to support
consumption and cushion the property market; 3) we expect
intervention from the ‘national team’ to soften potential
blows on the equity market. Stronger policy support will
likely cushion GDP growth to about 4% in 2025, in our
view. In the long term, China plans to continue emphasizing
tech innovation, with the new open-source AI-related
infrastructure and cheap hardware, supported by a strong
manufacturing capability.

What other tools does China have in its toolbox?
China has several key tools at its disposal, in our view.
First, the ability to keep the CNY stable via strong fixing
and no supply-chain cuts, which means that US corporates
and consumers will have to shoulder tariff costs. Second,
the country’s willingness to purchase more energy and
agriculture goods if needed. Third, tighter rare earth control,
with China representing around 70%-80% of global
production. Finally, Beijing still retains several negotiation

2



Investing in China

tools, including fentanyl control, the repatriation of illegal
immigrants, and cooperation on geopolitical flash points
including Ukraine-Russia and Middle East issues.

Moreover, China also visibly plans to build on its past efforts
to strengthen non-US trade and investment relationships.
Direct investment and supply chain localization may be
further enhanced between China and the EU, Middle East
and ASEAN etc. Indeed, President Xi has just completed
a visit to Vietnam, Malaysia, and Cambodia on 14-18
April, signing several cooperation agreements. Also, China
and the EU have planned a July summit, and initiated
negotiations to suspend the EU's tariffs on Chinese electric
vehicles (EVs).

Over the medium to long term, we think China would likely
promote CNY globalization and increase the CNY’s role in
global reserves and trade settlement, with more currency
swaps and CNY-denominated trade blocs. To diversify from
USD holdings, Beijing appears poised to accelerate plans to
develop the digital CNY-based SWIFT system.

US reliance on imports from China is high for
some consumer goods
Key US imports from China (2024 value)

Source: US International Trade Commission, Bloomberg

Are China equities attractive?
We remain Neutral on China equities in the near term,
largely on account of the ongoing volatility and uncertainty
from US-China trade tensions. Although China equities have
outperformed year-to-date and current valuations remain
attractive (with the forward P/E stll well below historical
average), we advise patience until there is clear progress
on trade talks. After all, negotiations with the US could be
prolonged and difficult, with Beijing unlikely to make major
concessions early.

Despite this cautious stance, selective opportunities
exist. We prefer skewing towards defensive state-owned
enterprises (SOEs) in financials, energy, telecom, and
utilities, which offer yields above 6% and resilience amid
tariff and growth risks. Within China tech, we prefer online
gaming and travel platforms with robust cash flows. Over

the medium to long term, leading EV manufacturers appear
attractive for their superior technology features and pricing
advantages.

How high is the risk of ADR delisting? Will Hong
Kong’s market benefit?
The risk of American Depository Receipts (ADR) delisting
remains heavily dependent on whether elevated US-China
tensions escalate, especially with the potential for additional
tech restrictions and secondary tariffs. In a downside
scenario involving forced ADR de-listings, China’s equities
could see an 8-14% derating, highlighting the need for
investors to stay alert to policy shifts and geopolitical
developments.

That said, we believe the overall impact of a delisting is likely
to be contained. Most major mainland Chinese firms have
already secured dual or secondary listings in Hong Kong,
with over 80% of mainland Chinese ADRs in the MSCI China
basket now tradable in Hong Kong. Since the ADR issue
was raised in 2020, leading internet names listed in the US
have started moving their secondary or even primary listings
to Hong Kong. Over 60% of their shareholdings are now
traded in Hong Kong, an increase of 30 percentage points
over the past three years. As a result, even if delistings occur,
we think shareholders will for the most part have a clear
alternative avenue to access their holdings. Such an event
could prove beneficial to the Hong Kong market as it would
increase liquidity and trading activity.

The greater risk lies in potential US restrictions on general
US investors' ownership of mainland Chinese companies,
which could have broader implications. Overall, while the
ADR delisting risk is real, it is largely mitigated by the robust
Hong Kong listing infrastructure, in our view.

MSCI China now trading 10.7x forward PE vs. the
average of 11.6x
Historical trend of MSCI China forward PE

Source: Bloomberg

3



Investing in China

1Q GDP beat ahead of tariff hit
Yifan Hu, Regional CIO & Head Macroeconomics APAC
Kathy Li, CFA, Macro Strategist

Key data trends
• 1Q GDP grew 5.4% y/y, beating expectations, driven by

export front-loading and consumption recovery.

• March retail sales growth improved further to 5.9% y/y,
helped by trade-in subsidies. Investment growth steadied
at 4.2% y/y, with manufacturing strong (9.1% y/y) and
infrastructure resilient (5.8%); property remained a drag
(-9.9%). Exports grew by 12.4% y/y on front-loading.

• CPI is likely to stay near muted (1Q: -0.1% y/y), while PPI
is likely to stay negative for most of the year (1Q: -2.3%).

Key policy trends
• On the fiscal front, we expect additional CNY 1-3tr

worth of stimulus measures, on top of the ~CNY 2tr
funding unveiled at the NPC for 2025. The package may
involve consumption support, including the expansion
of trade-in subsidies, nationwide subsidies to newborns,
and targeted support for service and export-oriented
business.

• Monetary policy could see more easing. We expect
100-200bps of RRR cuts and 30-50bps of policy rate cuts
within 12 months, with the next cut likely restarting in
2Q.

Key highlights
• The April Politburo meeting had a pro-growth tone but

lacked concrete measures or details. Top leaders urged
accelerating existing policy implementation and called
for timely cuts to RRR and policy rates. They also talked
about the need to stabilize the housing market, resolve
local debt risk, and roll out incremental countercyclical
measures when needed, signaling a reactive and patient
policy approach to tariff developments and the economic
situation.

Tariff pressure is expected to prompt
incremental policy support.

Recent reports
• China's 1Q GDP beat expectations ahead of tariff hit, 17

Apr 2025

• China's March export growth beat on frontloading, 14
Apr 2025

• China's March credit growth beat expectations, 14 Apr
2025

1Q GDP beat with export frontloading and
consumption recovery
GDP growth breakdown

Source: CEIC, NBS

4



Investing in China

Stay defensive in the near term
Eva Lee, CFA, Head CIO Equities Greater China
Arafat Alafate, Analyst

Performance
• The MSCI China Index has declined 5% month-to-date

in April, primarily due to a higher equity risk premium
stemming from escalating uncertainties surrounding the
China-US trade conflict.

Key trends
• Delisting threat could drive more homecoming.

Although China and the US settled the auditing issue
back in late 2022, ADR delisting risks have resurfaced
amid intensifying China-US tensions. However, mainland
China ADRs are now more prepared for the delisting
threat compared to three years ago as over 80% of
mainland China ADRs in the MSCI China basket are
already listed in Hong Kong; and more importantly,
already over 60% of the trade in the shares is done
in Hong Kong. The key concern is whether the US
government would place restrictions on US investors’
ownership, which we would clearly see hurting US
investors the most.

• Near-term impact of H20 restrictions is limited. The
US has introduced new rules restricting the sale of
NVIDIA’s H20 GPU to China, closing previous loopholes
that allowed downgraded “compliant” chips to bypass
export controls. The new rules require companies to
obtain licenses from the US government to build up
computing capacity in select countries. While these
measures aim to limit China’s access to advanced
AI hardware, the near-term impact on China’s major
tech companies is expected to be limited as they
have already stockpiled significant quantities of high
performance chips in anticipation of tighter regulations.
Additionally, as AI demand shifts more to inference,
the deployment of domestically-made chips is increasing
among hyperscalers’ infrastructure build-up.

We recommend maintaining a
defensive positioning stance, with
a preference for select state-owned
enterprises in the financial, energy,
utilities, and telecom sectors.

• Be patient and stay defensive. We anticipate that
the dispute between the US and China will persist, and
investors should prepare for continued high volatility.
In light of ongoing uncertainties, we recommend
maintaining a defensive positioning stance, with a
preference for select state-owned enterprises in the
financial, energy, utilities, and telecom sectors. Within the
China tech space, we favor leading digital entertainment
companies, whose earnings tend to be more resilient and
counter-cyclical compared to those of e-commerce and
advertising-focused online portals.

Recent reports
• Most asked questions on China's internet stocks, 22 Apr

2025

• Surfing through the tariff challenge, 3 Apr 2025

Some reports may not be available to investors of UBS
Financial Services Inc.

China internet sector forward PE now below -1
STD from the average since 2021
Historical trend of China internet forward PE

Source: Refinitiv Eikon, UBS

5



Investing in China

Positioning in light of tariffs
Eve Li, CFA, CIO Credit Strategist

Performance
• China IG bonds have lost 0.6% month-to-date (+1.8%

YTD, 5.0% yield-to-worst), driven by both a wider spread
and higher US Treasury yields. China HY bonds have been
largely unchanged, up 0.1% (+4.6% YTD, 17.4% YTW)
as property bonds continued to grind higher. The 10-year
US Treasury yield is up 9bps year-to-date at 4.30%.

Key trends
• China credit has experienced volatile trade since the 2

April “Liberation Day” as the market digested the initial
worse-than-expected reciprocal tariffs and subsequent
signs of easing trade war escalation. The space saw
credit spread widen by 25bps at one time due to risk-
off sentiment and preparation for potential redemption
by fund managers. It has since experienced some spread
tightening following the temporary reciprocal tariff
exemption on electronics products. That said, month-to-
date, China credit is still around 20bps wider, with the
fluid trade situation preventing investors from turning to
an immediate risk-on mode.

• Chinese USD bond issuers, similar to their Asian peers, are
overall resilient amid the tariff risk. By sector, sovereign,
quasi-sovereign, and financial account for 70% of China
IG index, followed by TMT (16%). For HY, financial (42%),
real estate (37%), and quasi-sovereign (7%) together
make up 86% of the index. The overall domestic-oriented
business profile and state support largely point to a
manageable direct shock from tariffs, except for a few
tech hardware names. However, the second-order impact
from the tariffs has yet to be observed, which could weigh
on sectors such as financial, discretionary consumption,
and real estate if the economy experiences a broad
slowdown.

Investment ideas
• Given the still evolving tariff situation, we think it makes

sense to position portfolios in a defensive manner. We

We think Asia IG offers an attractive
carry opportunity and continue to
prefer an average duration of five
years.

continue to favor IG over HY, and think the current
yield level of 5.5% represents attractive carry opportunities
forAsia IG. For investors with a higher risk appetite, select
short-tenor bonds of Asia BB names that have sold off
disproportionately also offer value. We still prefer an average
duration of five years.

Recent reports
• Indonesia credit: Position defensively, 17 April 2025

• Positioning in light of tariffs, 16 April 2025

• SGD bonds: A shelter in turbulent times, 9 April 2025

Some reports may not be available to US-onshore investors.

China credit’s spreads are still wider following
tariff announcements

Source: JP Morgan, UBS, as of 23 April 2025

6



Investing in China

Poised for gradual recovery
Teck Leng Tan, CFA, CIO FX Strategist
Jessie Ren, Analyst

April brought dramatic twists and turns in the US-China
tariff saga, yet the CNY has stood its ground with
remarkable stability. As broad USD weakness sets in and
optimism over US-China trade relations gains traction, we
believe the most challenging period for the CNY against
the USD is now behind us. In response to these shifts,
we are revising our USDCNY forecasts to 7.30, 7.25, 7.20,
and 7.15 for June 2025, September 2025, December 2025,
and March 2026, respectively—down from our previous
projections of 7.40, 7.40, 7.30, and 7.30.

Multiple forces are shaping our expectation for a gradual
downward trajectory in USDCNY. To begin with, the
People’s Bank of China (PBoC) has maintained a notably
stable daily fixing since the escalation of the trade
war, underscoring a clear commitment to anchor market
expectations. In effect, with tariffs likely at their peak, this
approach from the central bank should act as a ceiling for
USDCNY. Additionally, the prospect of a US-China trade
deal is back in focus. With tariffs appearing to have peaked
and President Trump signaling a renewed urgency to reach
an agreement, we believe the environment is turning more
constructive for the CNY.

Furthermore, the backdrop for the US dollar has
shifted dramatically. The once-dominant narrative of US
exceptionalism has faded in the last few weeks, replaced by
a rotation as global investors amid mounting uncertainty.
Deteriorating PMIs and waning business confidence signal
that the economic tide may be turning. With the Fed now
expected to deliver 100bps of rate cuts this year, according
to market pricing, further narrowing the US-China yield gap,
and global investors increasingly hedging or reallocating
away from US assets, the stage is set for continued USD
weakness.

In the short term, we expect USDCNY will continue to trade
in a narrow band around 7.30. Ongoing uncertainty over a

We believe the most challenging period
for the CNY is likely behind us.

trade deal and weak domestic demand are keeping the
outlook cautious, but any new stimulus or support measures
from China could help reassure markets.

Investment implications
Prospects: With broad USD weakness emerging and
optimism over US-China trade relations building, we believe
the most challenging period for the CNY is likely behind us.
Investors may consider gradually reducing hedges on CNY
positions, as the environment should turn more constructive
for the CNY.

Risk factors: A quicker Fed easing cycle or significant
breakthroughs in US-China trade negotiations could
accelerate USDCNY’s decline toward 7.20, while setbacks
in trade talks or renewed domestic economic challenges in
China may keep the CNY trading in a narrow range in the
near term.

Boundaries: The PBoC’s commitment to currency stability
and peak tariffs should cap USDCNY’s upside, making a
move above 7.50 unlikely. Furthermore, we expect China
to avoid leveraging the currency as a bargaining chip in
upcoming US-China trade negotiations.

Recent reports
• Poised for gradual recovery, 25 Apr 2025

• Hold your hedges, 8 Apr 2025

USDCNY was not able to move higher, with the
PBoC maintaining a stable daily fixing

Source: Daily data, UBS

7



Investing in China

AI adoption remains resilient
despite macro uncertainty
Sundeep Gantori, CFA, CAIA, Equity Strategist
Delwin Kurnia Limas, CFA, Equity Strategist

Tech stocks witnessed a sharp volatility in the past few
weeks amid the significant uncertainty from the US's recent
reciprocal tariffs and China's retaliatory tariffs. While tech
stocks' valuations have come down sharply, the situation
is fluid given there are many uncertainties around tariff
economics. These include how the increased cost sharing
will be done with suppliers, the extent to which costs can
be passed on to end-customers, and the duration of tariffs.
The good news is that critical AI-based companies have
manageable exposure to mainland Chinese tariff risks, as
seen in the chart below. Indeed, mainland China as a share
of US imports for servers is very low at around 5% versus
75% for smartphones, in our view.

The key focus, however, remains on the potential downside
earnings revisions from tariffs still in place. While we believe
the situation is fluid, the downside earnings risk appears
more manageable to us following the recent tariff reprieve.
We've previously highlighted three earnings scenarios for
tech, and at the moment, the impact looks largely contained
to the most benign scenario (manageable 3-5% downside
earnings revisions).

While there are a lot of uncertainties due to a wide range
of negative EPS outcomes, we believe investors should
not lose hope and should instead look to the past to
see how the stocks performed once the uncertainty was
fully priced in. Global tech stocks today are tracking the
20%-plus correction witnessed in 2018, which was also
due to a significant tariff escalation. Global tech earnings
were revised down by 12% during that period. This
suggests negative EPS revisions due to tariffs and resulting
macroeconomic uncertainty are not new for tech. What is
interesting is how tech stocks rebounded once the tariff
uncertainty diminished on some policy updates and

We think a manageable earnings
impact supports rebound opportunities
across quality AI stocks.

as investors started to recognize the strong structural
growth prospects of cloud theme (vs. AI theme today,
another similarity). After a peak-to trough decline of about
24%, tech stocks rebounded by more than 30% over the
next 12 months, with lower rates in addition fueling strong
gains.

With the tech reporting season soon underway, we believe
the focus will shift back to fundamentals, particularly on AI
capex trends, any guidance on tariff impact, and AI adoption
trends.

The good news, however, is that the underlying AI growth
story remains intact, in our view, based on the latest
AI adoption rates in the US. The recent quarterly report
from the US Census Bureau on the results of its Business
Trends and Outlook Survey, which tracks AI adoption across
1.2 million firms in the US, showed strong sequential
improvement in AI adoption rates. In particular, the AI
adoption rate rose from 5.7% in 3Q24 to 7.4% in 1Q25,
and we expect it to reach 9.9% by 3Q25 and to cross 10%
by the end of the year. To put this into perspective, it took
24 years for US e-commerce penetration to cross the 10%
threshold.

Delving into the details, we see a broad-based improvement
in the adoption rates across industries. For this purpose, we
compared the overall improvement in US AI adoption rates
from 4Q24 to 1Q25 (1.3 percentage points) and then looked
at which industries reported an above-average improvement
in sequential adoption rates (i.e., more than 1.3 percentage
points). While technology adoption is not a surprise, the
inclusion of new industries like media (arts, entertainment,
and recreation), manufacturing, and wholesale trade is
encouraging and further supports the AI adoption story. We
are also encouraged to see steady AI adoption improvement
in the health care and financial services sectors, which bodes
well for our Longevity theme and for fintech firms.

In summary, we think a manageable earnings impact
supports rebound opportunities across quality AI stocks.
With tech’s elevated volatility here to stay, structured
strategies including capital preservation strategies should
also be considered, in our view.

8



Investing in China

Tariff impact on sustainability and
climate
Stephanie Choi, Sustainable & Impact Investing Strategist
Amanda Gu, Sustainable & Impact Investing Analyst

The tit-for-tat tariff escalation between the US and China
could drastically affect trade between the world's two
largest economies. US tariffs on Chinese imports have
risen to 145% as of 9 April, following a 90-day pause
on “reciprocal” tariffs announced by the US, with China
being an exception. With a greater-than-expected escalation
between the US and China, US Treasury Secretary Scott
Bessent reportedly said he expects the current tariff
standoff with China to de-escalate. Despite potential tariff
headwinds and near-term economic challenges, we believe
the risk of a more severe economic downturn is now more
limited.

The tariff impact on climate and emissions is complex
owing to the interconnected nature of global supply chains
related to climate-change solutions and the transition to a
low-carbon economy. China, which is a significant source
of essential minerals and materials for renewable energy
technologies, has imposed restrictions on US imports of
critical rare earths and materials used in solar and nuclear
energy in response to the US tariffs. This uncertainty makes
it challenging to forecast long-term outcomes until there is
clarity on the final tariffs table, which could take weeks or
months.

Clean technologies from China have faced US tariffs for
several years, including a 30% tariff on imported solar
panels in 2018 and additional tariffs, such as 100%
tariffs on Chinese-made EVs, 50% on solar cells, and
25% on batteries, which were established by the Biden
administration in 2024. Despite these tariffs, renewable
energy generation as a share of total electricity generation
has continued to increase across the US, China, and the
European Union.

As reported by the press, US trade officials are preparing to
impose anti-dumping tariffs of up to 3,521% on imports of
solar panels from Vietnam, Thailand, Cambodia, and

Near-term volatility offers opportunity
to align long-term investment with
sustainability goals.

Malaysia—these countries together constituting over 80%
of the US's solar panel cell imports.While details are being
finalized, we note that imports of assembled PV panels
have declined since their peak in mid-2024. Imports of
unassembled PV panels, on the other hand, have grown
rapidly—a testament to a reshoring of new PV panel
manufacturing.

Negotiations with the EU are also crucial for the future
of electrification and emissions reduction. EU-US tariff
negotiations are also in focus for President Trump, but non-
tariff barriers, such as EU import standards on agriculture
and sustainability metrics, as well as the EU Carbon Border
Adjustment Mechanism, could also be on the table.

For sustainability-focused investors, continued volatility is
expected in the short term, driven by market responses to
President Trump’s tariff intentions and varying expectations
of recession or inflation. Despite this, the underlying
drivers toward electrification, decarbonization, and meeting
the needs of a growing global population will persist.
Societal needs for better solutions and systems will not
change. Investors with a long-term view should continue to
build exposure to these areas. We recommend a portfolio
approach to sustainable investing, diversifying across SI
approaches and asset classes. Global ESG leaders had a
challenging start to 2025, but diversifying across Leaders,
Thematic, and Improver equity strategies has supported
portfolios over periods of market volatility. In fixed income,
we see green, social, and sustainable bonds performing in
line with traditional equivalents. We see opportunities in
bonds issued by multilateral development banks as offering
a similar risk-return profile to US Treasuries.

9



Key financial indexes

Source: Bloomberg, UBS, as of  29 April 2025

Equities: CSI 300 Index Equities: MSCI China

Equities: Hang Seng China Enterprise Index Bonds: JACI China Blended Spread (basis points)

Bonds: China 10Y Govt Bond Yield (in percentage) Forex: USDCNY

1637456_ce552536-083a-46f2-9039-6ae26f7c9079.pdf



Global asset class preferences definitions
The asset class preferences provide high-level guidance to make investment decisions. The preferences reflect the collective 
judgement of the members of the House View meeting, primarily based on assessments of expected total returns on liquid, 
commonly known stock indexes, House View scenarios, and analyst convictions over the next 12 months. Note that the 
tactical asset allocation (TAA) positioning of our different investment strategies may differ from these views due to factors 
including portfolio construction, concentration, and borrowing constraints.
Most attractive – We consider this asset class to be among the most attractive. Investors should seek opportunities to 
add exposure.
Attractive – We consider this asset class to be attractive. Consider opportunities in this asset class.
Neutral – We do not expect outsized returns or losses. Hold longer-term exposure.
Unattractive – We consider this asset class to be unattractive. Consider alternative opportunities.
Least attractive – We consider this asset class to be among the least attractive. Seek more favorable alternative 
opportunities.

3

Note: For equities, we have collapsed “Most Attractive” with “Attractive” and “Least Attractive” with “Unattractive” from the 
five-tier rating system that is found in the Equity Compass into three tiers.

1637456_163f67da-8466-4ae6-a6cc-58d63be4d4e5.pdf



Non-Traditional Assets

Non-traditional asset classes are alternative investments that include hedge funds, private equity, real estate, and managed 
futures (collectively, alternative investments). Interests of alternative investment funds are sold only to qualified investors, and 
only by means of offering documents that include information about the risks, performance and expenses of alternative investment 
funds, and which clients are urged to read carefully before subscribing and retain. An investment in an alternative investment fund 
is speculative and involves significant risks.  Specifically, these investments (1) are not mutual funds and are not subject to the same 
regulatory requirements as mutual funds; (2) may have performance that is volatile, and investors may lose all or a substantial amount 
of their investment; (3) may engage in leverage and other speculative investment practices that may increase the risk of investment 
loss; (4) are long-term, illiquid investments, there is generally no secondary market for the interests of a fund, and none is expected 
to develop; (5) interests of alternative investment funds typically will be illiquid and subject to restrictions on transfer; (6) may not be 
required to provide periodic pricing or valuation information to investors; (7) generally involve complex tax strategies and there may 
be delays in distributing tax information to investors; (8) are subject to high fees, including management fees and other fees and 
expenses, all of which will reduce profits. 

Interests in alternative investment funds are not deposits or obligations of, or guaranteed or endorsed by, any bank or other insured 
depository institution, and are not federally insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, the Federal Reserve Board, or any 
other governmental agency. Prospective investors should understand these risks and have the financial ability and willingness to accept 
them for an extended period of time before making an investment in an alternative investment fund and should consider an alternative 
investment fund as a supplement to an overall investment program. 

In addition to the risks that apply to alternative investments generally, the following are additional risks related to an investment in 
these strategies:

 Foreign Exchange/Currency Risk: Investors in securities of issuers located outside of the United States should be aware that even
for securities denominated in U.S. dollars, changes in the exchange rate between the U.S. dollar and the issuer’s “home” currency
can have unexpected effects on the market value and liquidity of those securities. Those securities may also be affected by other
risks (such as political, economic or regulatory changes) that may not be readily known to a U.S. investor.

Emerging Market Investments
Investors should be aware that Emerging Market assets are subject to, amongst others, potential risks linked to currency volatility, 
abrupt changes in the cost of capital and the economic growth outlook, as well as regulatory and socio-political risk, interest rate risk 
and higher credit risk. Assets can sometimes be very illiquid and liquidity conditions can abruptly worsen. CIO GWM generally 
recommends only those securities it believes have been registered under Federal U.S. registration rules (Section 12 of the Securities 
Exchange Act of 1934) and individual State registration rules (commonly known as "Blue Sky" laws). Prospective investors should be 
aware that to the extent permitted under US law, CIO GWM may from time to time recommend bonds that are not registered under 
US or State securities laws. These bonds may be issued in jurisdictions where the level of required disclosures to be made by issuers is 
not as frequent or complete as that required by US laws. For more background on emerging markets generally, see the CIO GWM 
Education Notes, Emerging Market Bonds: Understanding Emerging Market Bonds, 12 August 2009 and Emerging Markets Bonds: 
Understanding Sovereign Risk, 17 December 2009. Investors interested in holding bonds for a longer period are advised to select the 
bonds of those sovereigns with the highest credit ratings (in the investment grade band). Such an approach should decrease the risk 
that an investor could end up holding bonds on which the sovereign has defaulted. Sub-investment grade bonds are recommended 
only for clients with a higher risk tolerance and who seek to hold higher yielding bonds for shorter periods only. 

1637456_7a905dc1-fd5b-458d-af71-bf32f0a2aae2.pdf

bellomjo
Text Box



Investing in China

Appendix

Risk information
UBS Chief Investment Office's ("CIO") investment views are prepared and published by the Global Wealth Management
business of UBS Switzerland AG (regulated by FINMA in Switzerland) or its affiliates ("UBS"), part of UBS Group AG ("UBS
Group"). UBS Group includes former Credit Suisse AG, its subsidiaries, branches and affiliates. Additional disclaimer relevant
to Credit Suisse Wealth Management follows at the end of this section.
The investment views have been prepared in accordance with legal requirements designed to promote the independence
of investment research.
Generic investment research – Risk information:
This publication is for your information only and is not intended as an offer, or a solicitation of an offer, to buy or sell
any investment or other specific product. The analysis contained herein does not constitute a personal recommendation or
take into account the particular investment objectives, investment strategies, financial situation and needs of any specific
recipient. It is based on numerous assumptions. Different assumptions could result in materially different results. Certain
services and products are subject to legal restrictions and cannot be offered worldwide on an unrestricted basis and/or may
not be eligible for sale to all investors. All information and opinions expressed in this document were obtained from sources
believed to be reliable and in good faith, but no representation or warranty, express or implied, is made as to its accuracy
or completeness (other than disclosures relating to UBS). All information and opinions as well as any forecasts, estimates
and market prices indicated are current as of the date of this report, and are subject to change without notice. Opinions
expressed herein may differ or be contrary to those expressed by other business areas or divisions of UBS as a result of using
different assumptions and/or criteria.
In no circumstances may this document or any of the information (including any forecast, value, index or other calculated
amount ("Values")) be used for any of the following purposes (i) valuation or accounting purposes; (ii) to determine the
amounts due or payable, the price or the value of any financial instrument or financial contract; or (iii) to measure the
performance of any financial instrument including, without limitation, for the purpose of tracking the return or performance
of any Value or of defining the asset allocation of portfolio or of computing performance fees. By receiving this document
and the information you will be deemed to represent and warrant to UBS that you will not use this document or otherwise
rely on any of the information for any of the above purposes. UBS and any of its directors or employees may be entitled at
any time to hold long or short positions in investment instruments referred to herein, carry out transactions involving relevant
investment instruments in the capacity of principal or agent, or provide any other services or have officers, who serve as
directors, either to/for the issuer, the investment instrument itself or to/for any company commercially or financially affiliated
to such issuers. At any time, investment decisions (including whether to buy, sell or hold securities) made by UBS and its
employees may differ from or be contrary to the opinions expressed in UBS research publications. Some investments may not
be readily realizable since the market in the securities is illiquid and therefore valuing the investment and identifying the risk
to which you are exposed may be difficult to quantify. UBS relies on information barriers to control the flow of information
contained in one or more areas within UBS, into other areas, units, divisions or affiliates of UBS. Futures and options trading
is not suitable for every investor as there is a substantial risk of loss, and losses in excess of an initial investment may occur.
Past performance of an investment is no guarantee for its future performance. Additional information will be made available
upon request. Some investments may be subject to sudden and large falls in value and on realization you may receive back
less than you invested or may be required to pay more. Changes in foreign exchange rates may have an adverse effect on
the price, value or income of an investment. The analyst(s) responsible for the preparation of this report may interact with
trading desk personnel, sales personnel and other constituencies for the purpose of gathering, synthesizing and interpreting
market information.
Different areas, groups, and personnel within UBS Group may produce and distribute separate research products
independently of each other. For example, research publications from CIO are produced by UBS Global Wealth
Management. UBS Global Research is produced by UBS Investment Bank. Research methodologies and rating systems
of each separate research organization may differ, for example, in terms of investment recommendations, investment
horizon, model assumptions, and valuation methods. As a consequence, except for certain economic forecasts (for which
UBS CIO and UBS Global Research may collaborate), investment recommendations, ratings, price targets, and valuations
provided by each of the separate research organizations may be different, or inconsistent. You should refer to each relevant
research product for the details as to their methodologies and rating system. Not all clients may have access to all products
from every organization. Each research product is subject to the policies and procedures of the organization that produces it.
The compensation of the analyst(s) who prepared this report is determined exclusively by research management and senior
management (not including investment banking). Analyst compensation is not based on investment banking, sales and
trading or principal trading revenues, however, compensation may relate to the revenues of UBS Group as a whole, of which
investment banking, sales and trading and principal trading are a part.
Tax treatment depends on the individual circumstances and may be subject to change in the future. UBS does not provide
legal or tax advice and makes no representations as to the tax treatment of assets or the investment returns thereon both in
general or with reference to specific client's circumstances and needs. We are of necessity unable to take into account the

13



Investing in China

particular investment objectives, financial situation and needs of our individual clients and we would recommend that you
take financial and/or tax advice as to the implications (including tax) of investing in any of the products mentioned herein.
This material may not be reproduced or copies circulated without prior authority of UBS. Unless otherwise agreed in writing
UBS expressly prohibits the distribution and transfer of this material to third parties for any reason. UBS accepts no liability
whatsoever for any claims or lawsuits from any third parties arising from the use or distribution of this material. This report
is for distribution only under such circumstances as may be permitted by applicable law. For information on the ways in
which CIO manages conflicts and maintains independence of its investment views and publication offering, and research
and rating methodologies, please visit www.ubs.com/research-methodology. Additional information on the relevant authors
of this publication and other CIO publication(s) referenced in this report; and copies of any past reports on this topic; are
available upon request from your client advisor.
Important Information About Sustainable Investing Strategies: Sustainable investing strategies aim to consider
and incorporate environmental, social and governance (ESG) factors into investment process and portfolio construction.
Strategies across geographies approach ESG analysis and incorporate the findings in a variety of ways. Incorporating ESG
factors or Sustainable Investing considerations may inhibit UBS’s ability to participate in or to advise on certain investment
opportunities that otherwise would be consistent with the Client’s investment objectives. The returns on a portfolio
incorporating ESG factors or Sustainable Investing considerations may be lower or higher than portfolios where ESG factors,
exclusions, or other sustainability issues are not considered by UBS, and the investment opportunities available to such
portfolios may differ.
External Asset Managers / External Financial Consultants: In case this research or publication is provided to an External
Asset Manager or an External Financial Consultant, UBS expressly prohibits that it is redistributed by the External Asset
Manager or the External Financial Consultant and is made available to their clients and/or third parties.
USA: Distributed to US persons only by UBS Financial Services Inc. or UBS Securities LLC, subsidiaries of UBS AG. UBS
Switzerland AG, UBS Europe SE, UBS Bank, S.A., UBS Brasil Administradora de Valores Mobiliarios Ltda, UBS Asesores Mexico,
S.A. de C.V., UBS SuMi TRUST Wealth Management Co., Ltd., UBS Wealth Management Israel Ltd and UBS Menkul Degerler
AS are affiliates of UBS AG. UBS Financial Services Inc. accepts responsibility for the content of a report prepared
by a non-US affiliate when it distributes reports to US persons. All transactions by a US person in the securities
mentioned in this report should be effected through a US-registered broker dealer affiliated with UBS, and not
through a non-US affiliate. The contents of this report have not been and will not be approved by any securities
or investment authority in the United States or elsewhere. UBS Financial Services Inc. is not acting as a municipal
advisor to any municipal entity or obligated person within the meaning of Section 15B of the Securities Exchange
Act (the "Municipal Advisor Rule") and the opinions or views contained herein are not intended to be, and do
not constitute, advice within the meaning of the Municipal Advisor Rule.
For country information, please visit ubs.com/cio-country-disclaimer-gr or ask your client advisor for the full disclaimer.
Additional Disclaimer relevant to Credit Suisse Wealth Management
You receive this document in your capacity as a client of Credit Suisse Wealth Management. Your personal data will be
processed in accordance with the Credit Suisse privacy statement accessible at your domicile through the official Credit
Suisse website https://www.credit-suisse.com. In order to provide you with marketing materials concerning our products
and services, UBS Group AG and its subsidiaries may process your basic personal data (i.e. contact details such as name, e-
mail address) until you notify us that you no longer wish to receive them. You can optout from receiving these materials at
any time by informing your Relationship Manager.
Except as otherwise specified herein and/or depending on the local Credit Suisse entity from which you are receiving this
report, this report is distributed by UBS Switzerland AG, authorised and regulated by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory
Authority (FINMA).
Version D/2024. CIO82652744
© UBS 2025. The key symbol and UBS are among the registered and unregistered trademarks of UBS. All rights reserved.

14

http://www.ubs.com/research-methodology
https://www.ubs.com/global/en/wealthmanagement/insights/chief-investment-office/country-disclaimer-gr.html
https://www.credit-suisse.com/

