
For UBS marketing purposes

(Shutterstock)

US dollar weakness expected
to return while gold stays
supported
02 May 2025, 3:00 pm MYT, written by UBS Editorial Team

The US dollar index has climbed roughly 1% from its recent sell-off lows, while gold has shed USD 100/oz from
record highs. While the greenback is likely to be supported in the near term, we expect dollar weakness to
resume later this year. Gold, meanwhile, should continue to attract investor demand.

The US dollar’s sell-off has stabilized in recent days, with the DXY Index of the US currency against major peers close to
1% above its recent lows at the time of going to print. At the same time, gold has retreated after US President Donald
Trump stepped back from comments about removing Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell from office and showed greater
willingness to strike a trade deal with China to reduce tariffs. Gold now stands at around USD 3,300/oz, around 6% below
the psychological USD 3,500/oz barrier broken in the midst of tariff turbulence.

We think the USD is short-term oversold, and expect a period of consolidation in the near term. Chair Powell is unlikely
to be forced out, and the Federal Reserve has sounded caution on rate cuts while other central banks are easing. While
March US jobs data from the JOLTS survey showed the smallest number of monthly openings since January 2021, declining
layoffs in the same release suggest that the total labor market picture, including April’s nonfarm payrolls data due Friday,
will show a generally resilient jobs market whose weakening is gradual at most. This should contain risk-off sentiment
and help support the US dollar.

Over the medium term, however, we believe the trend of dollar weakness is likely to resume. Bullion, meanwhile, should
stay well supported by “safe-haven” demand and structural buying.



For UBS marketing purposes

The US economy is likely to slow more than elsewhere, and elevated fiscal deficits will come into greater focus.
While activity data have yet to show the impact of Trump’s tariff decisions, sentiment indicators are starting to reflect a
deterioration in future output, suggesting that negative sentiment is building in the economy. In our base case, we now
expect US economic growth of 1.5% in 2025 versus the expectation of more than 2% growth we held earlier this year.
We see growth of 0.7% for the Eurozone this year, (around 0.2 percentage points weaker than when we entered 2025)
and below 4% for China (roughly 0.5 percentage points weaker). Separately, with the US debt-to-GDP ratio at 123% as
of December last year, elevated US interest costs may be a headwind for the USD over the medium to long term.

The Fed should resume interest rate cuts later this year. To balance growth concerns against the risk of a resurgence
in inflation, the US central bank’s policy flexibility appears to be more limited in the near term. Powell has stressed that
he is keen to ensure that one-off price increases arising from higher tariffs do not drive second-round effects that could
lead to more sustained inflation. However, we believe the Fed will be able to resume policy easing in the second half of
this year, reducing rates by 75-100 basis points to support growth as price pressures ease and the labor market weakens.
Lower rates will support gold prices as the opportunity cost of holding bullion is reduced.

Demand for gold is rising structurally. Improving headlines on potential trade deals are likely to cap gold’s potential
gains after an impressive run on safe-haven demand, but we have also seen signs of a more structural shift in gold
allocations. For example, Beijing has allowed insurance funds to invest in gold, while global central banks are systematically
raising gold’s share of total reserves. We forecast central banks will buy around 1,000 metric tons in 2025 after purchases
of around this level over the last three consecutive years, and raised our expectation for exchange-traded fund (ETF) net
buying in 2025 to 450 metric tons, from 300 metric tons. With ongoing tariff and geopolitical uncertainties, we believe
gold should stay well supported toward our base case target of USD 3,500/oz.

So, we prefer using any periods of near-term USD strength to reduce dollar allocations in favor of currencies such as the
Japanese yen, euro, British pound, and Australian dollar. We also like selling the risk of a rising USD’for yield pickup. Gold,
however, remains an effective portfolio diversifier and hedge, and we recommend around a 5% allocation to the precious
metal as part of a balanced and well-diversified portfolio.

Disclaimer
This document is prepared and published by the Global Wealth Management business of UBS Switzerland AG (regulated by
FINMA in Switzerland), its subsidiaries or its affiliates ("UBS"), part of UBS Group AG ("UBS Group"). UBS Group includes former
Credit Suisse AG, its subsidiaries, branches and affiliates. In the USA, UBS Financial Services Inc. is a subsidiary of UBS AG and a
member of FINRA/SIPC. Additional Disclaimer relevant to Credit Suisse Wealth Management follows at the end of this section.
This document and the information contained herein are provided solely for your information and UBS marketing
purposes. Nothing in this document constitutes investment research, investment advice, a sales prospectus, or an offer or
solicitation to engage in any investment activities. This document is not a recommendation to buy or sell any security, investment
instrument, or product, and does not recommend any specific investment program or service.
Information contained in this document has not been tailored to the specific investment objectives, personal and financial
circumstances, or particular needs of any individual client. Certain investments referred to in this document may not be suitable
or appropriate for all investors. In addition, certain services and products referred to in the document may be subject to legal
restrictions and/or license or permission requirements and cannot therefore be offered worldwide on an unrestricted basis. No
offer of any product will be made in any jurisdiction in which the offer, solicitation, or sale is not permitted, or to any person
to whom it is unlawful to make such offer, solicitation, or sale.
Although all information and opinions expressed in this document were obtained in good faith from sources believed to be
reliable, no representation or warranty, express or implied, is made as to the document’s accuracy, sufficiency, completeness or
reliability. All information and opinions expressed in this document are subject to change without notice and may differ from
opinions expressed by other business areas or divisions of UBS Group. UBS is under no obligation to update or keep current the
information contained herein. The views and opinions expressed in this material by third parties are not those of UBS.
Accordingly, UBS does not accept any liability over the content shared by third parties or any claims, losses or damages arising
from the use or reliance of all or any part thereof.
All pictures or images ("images") herein are for illustrative, informative or documentary purposes only and may depict objects or
elements which are protected by third party copyright, trademarks and other intellectual property rights. Unless expressly stated,
no relationship, association, sponsorship or endorsement is suggested or implied between UBS and these third parties.



For UBS marketing purposes

Any charts and scenarios contained in the document are for illustrative purposes only. Some charts and/or performance figures
may not be based on complete 12-month periods which may reduce their comparability and significance. Historical performance
is no guarantee for, and is not an indication of future performance.
Nothing in this document constitutes legal or tax advice. UBS and its employees do not provide legal or tax advice. This document
may not be redistributed or reproduced in whole or in part without the prior written permission of UBS. To the extent permitted
by the law, neither UBS, nor any of it its directors, officers, employees or agents accepts or assumes any liability, responsibility or
duty of care for any consequences, including any loss or damage, of you or anyone else acting, or refraining to act, in reliance
on the information contained in this document or for any decision based on it.
Additional Disclaimer relevant to Credit Suisse Wealth Management: Except as otherwise specified herein and/or
depending on the local entity from which you are receiving this document, this document is distributed by UBS Switzerland AG,
authorised and regulated by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority (FINMA). Your personal data will be processed
in accordance with the Credit Suisse privacy statement accessible at your domicile through the official Credit Suisse website
https://www.credit-suisse.com. In order to provide you with marketing materials concerning our products and services, UBS
Group AG and its subsidiaries may process your basic personal data (i.e. contact details such as name, e-mail address) until you
notify us that you no longer wish to receive them. You can optout from receiving these materials at any time by informing your
Relationship Manager.
Please visit https://www.ubs.com/global/en/wealth-management/insights/chief-investment-office/marketing-material-
disclaimer.html to read the full legal disclaimer applicable to this document.
© UBS 2025. The key symbol and UBS are among the registered and unregistered trademarks of UBS. All rights reserved.

https://www.credit-suisse.com/
https://www.ubs.com/global/en/wealth-management/insights/chief-investment-office/marketing-material-disclaimer.html
https://www.ubs.com/global/en/wealth-management/insights/chief-investment-office/marketing-material-disclaimer.html

