
For UBS marketing purposes

(ShutterStock)

China likely to tough out the
tariff standoff
02 May 2025, 3:15 pm MYT, written by UBS Editorial Team

The Trump administration has of late been putting out suggestions that it is open to de-escalating the trade
tensions with China. But Beijing has been giving the US the cold shoulder, and we expect it to hold this position
and wait for the US to initiate a de-escalation. China does have a range of pressure tactics that it could deploy
in the interim, especially not absorbing the tariff costs, which will likely boost imported inflation in the US.
We remain Neutral on China equities and favor defensive SOE stocks.

In the wake of the 2 April “Liberation Day” escalation in US-China trade tensions that saw the MSCI China (MXCN) fall
15% in three sessions, tensions have subsequently plateaued somewhat. Over the last week, the Trump administration has
suggested that the current impasse cannot last indefinitely, and even President Trump has insisted to media that bilateral
talks are already underway. Indeed, since the 7 April low, the MXCN has risen a total of 11%, including rising almost 5%
from 16 April. Investors might well be tempted to position for a quick de-escalation in tensions.

But investors should note that the messages coming out from Beijing have been a lot more mixed. Chinese officials have
disavowed the existence of any ongoing talks, and we think that China will only engage in talks when the US cuts tariffs
to levels closer to those before 2 April. We interpret the Chinese stance as suggesting that China is in no hurry to seek
a resolution with the US.

China might reasonably feel no need to shift its current stance. Both parties will be negatively affected by the
extension of the trade war, and we suspect that the tariffs could end up hurting the US more than China. We expect US
growth this year to slow to 1.5% from 2.8% in 2024. US Inflation may rise 1-2pps from the current around 3% if the
proposed tariffs are maintained. For China, we expect around 200bps of lost GDP growth through 2025-26. The negative
effects will extend beyond a slowdown in the growth rate of aggregate economic activity. The US is highly dependent on



For UBS marketing purposes

imports of consumer goods from China, and constraints on these could lead to disruptions and higher imported inflation.
This should complicate the US Federal Reserve’s policy response, and we anticipate that it might hold off on rate cuts
till 3Q25. Meanwhile, we expect Chinese government to enact stronger policy support to mitigate the loss of external
demand. In particular, we expect RRR cuts of 100-200bps and policy rate cuts of 30-50bps in 12 months, likely starting
in the coming weeks. This potential perception of greater pressure on the US might well lead Beijing to hold out and
wait for a US climbdown.

China has other tools in its toolbox. To back up its negotiating position, Beijing has a collection of carrots and sticks
it can deploy. The latter are likely to already be in use — the primary punitive measure looks set to be a refusal to absorb
the tariff costs, whether by CNY depreciation or export tax rebates. If trade tensions escalate, China could tighten export
controls on rare earths, which is likely to be impactful since China accounts for a large majority of global production. China
also has additional leverage via services imports as it is the largest contributor to the US services trade surplus. Once talks
begin, China may offer to buy more US energy and agricultural goods, as well as services (like movies). China could also
agree to address the repatriation of illegal immigrants, control fentanyl exports, and cooperate on geopolitical flash points.

Stay defensive on China equities. We would advise remaining Neutral on Chinese equities in the near term on account
of the ongoing volatility and uncertainty from the US-China trade tensions. Although current valuation remains attractive
with the forward PE below 10x, we advise patience until there is clear progress on trade talks. Despite this cautious stance,
there are some targeted opportunities. We prefer skewing our exposure toward defensive SOEs in financials, energy,
telecom, and utilities, as well as e-commerce and consumer staples that benefit from consumption stimulus. Over the
medium to long term, leading EV manufacturers appear attractive given their cost advantages and strong policy support,
while sector trends in AI and EVs also remain compelling.

In the near term, we expect USDCNY to stay range-bound around 7.30 amid unresolved trade tensions and domestic
growth uncertainties. Investors may consider gradually reducing hedges on CNY positions, as the environment should turn
more constructive for the CNY. Taking account of the market concerns about medium-term policy uncertainty, we adjusted
our USDCNY forecasts to 7.20 and 7.15 for December 2025 and March 2026, respectively, down from 7.30 for both.

Disclaimer
This document is prepared and published by the Global Wealth Management business of UBS Switzerland AG (regulated by
FINMA in Switzerland), its subsidiaries or its affiliates ("UBS"), part of UBS Group AG ("UBS Group"). UBS Group includes former
Credit Suisse AG, its subsidiaries, branches and affiliates. In the USA, UBS Financial Services Inc. is a subsidiary of UBS AG and a
member of FINRA/SIPC. Additional Disclaimer relevant to Credit Suisse Wealth Management follows at the end of this section.
This document and the information contained herein are provided solely for your information and UBS marketing
purposes. Nothing in this document constitutes investment research, investment advice, a sales prospectus, or an offer or
solicitation to engage in any investment activities. This document is not a recommendation to buy or sell any security, investment
instrument, or product, and does not recommend any specific investment program or service.
Information contained in this document has not been tailored to the specific investment objectives, personal and financial
circumstances, or particular needs of any individual client. Certain investments referred to in this document may not be suitable
or appropriate for all investors. In addition, certain services and products referred to in the document may be subject to legal
restrictions and/or license or permission requirements and cannot therefore be offered worldwide on an unrestricted basis. No
offer of any product will be made in any jurisdiction in which the offer, solicitation, or sale is not permitted, or to any person
to whom it is unlawful to make such offer, solicitation, or sale.
Although all information and opinions expressed in this document were obtained in good faith from sources believed to be
reliable, no representation or warranty, express or implied, is made as to the document’s accuracy, sufficiency, completeness or
reliability. All information and opinions expressed in this document are subject to change without notice and may differ from
opinions expressed by other business areas or divisions of UBS Group. UBS is under no obligation to update or keep current the
information contained herein. The views and opinions expressed in this material by third parties are not those of UBS.
Accordingly, UBS does not accept any liability over the content shared by third parties or any claims, losses or damages arising
from the use or reliance of all or any part thereof.
All pictures or images ("images") herein are for illustrative, informative or documentary purposes only and may depict objects or
elements which are protected by third party copyright, trademarks and other intellectual property rights. Unless expressly stated,
no relationship, association, sponsorship or endorsement is suggested or implied between UBS and these third parties.



For UBS marketing purposes

Any charts and scenarios contained in the document are for illustrative purposes only. Some charts and/or performance figures
may not be based on complete 12-month periods which may reduce their comparability and significance. Historical performance
is no guarantee for, and is not an indication of future performance.
Nothing in this document constitutes legal or tax advice. UBS and its employees do not provide legal or tax advice. This document
may not be redistributed or reproduced in whole or in part without the prior written permission of UBS. To the extent permitted
by the law, neither UBS, nor any of it its directors, officers, employees or agents accepts or assumes any liability, responsibility or
duty of care for any consequences, including any loss or damage, of you or anyone else acting, or refraining to act, in reliance
on the information contained in this document or for any decision based on it.
Additional Disclaimer relevant to Credit Suisse Wealth Management: Except as otherwise specified herein and/or
depending on the local entity from which you are receiving this document, this document is distributed by UBS Switzerland AG,
authorised and regulated by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority (FINMA). Your personal data will be processed
in accordance with the Credit Suisse privacy statement accessible at your domicile through the official Credit Suisse website
https://www.credit-suisse.com. In order to provide you with marketing materials concerning our products and services, UBS
Group AG and its subsidiaries may process your basic personal data (i.e. contact details such as name, e-mail address) until you
notify us that you no longer wish to receive them. You can optout from receiving these materials at any time by informing your
Relationship Manager.
Please visit https://www.ubs.com/global/en/wealth-management/insights/chief-investment-office/marketing-material-
disclaimer.html to read the full legal disclaimer applicable to this document.
© UBS 2025. The key symbol and UBS are among the registered and unregistered trademarks of UBS. All rights reserved.

https://www.credit-suisse.com/
https://www.ubs.com/global/en/wealth-management/insights/chief-investment-office/marketing-material-disclaimer.html
https://www.ubs.com/global/en/wealth-management/insights/chief-investment-office/marketing-material-disclaimer.html

