
30 April 2025, 04:37PM UTC
Chief Investment Office GWM
Investment Research

A different risk-off wave
Investing in Brazil
 
 Authors: Ronaldo Patah, Head of Investment Strategy Brazil, UBS Brasil Administradora de Valores Mobiliarios Ltda; Luciano Telo, Chief Investment
Officer Brazil, UBS Brasil Administradora de Valores Mobiliarios Ltda; Solange Srour, Head of Brazil Macroeconomics, UBS Brasil Administradora de Valores
Mobiliarios Ltda

• As a consequence of the recent escalation in
the trade dispute between the US and China,
most currencies have appreciated against the USD,
the probability of a US recession has risen, US
consumer confidence dropped, and short-term
inflation expectations have jumped.

• Market participants have been reacting differently
compared to past high-stress situations, especially
regarding the role of the USD and US Treasuries. This
is a consequence of the market’s questioning about
how safe those assets will be in the new world.

• While we disagree with the view that investors
no longer consider the USD and US Treasuries to
have safe-haven characteristics, we believe that
the current market sentiment may trigger some
changes in emerging market countries, like Brazil,
where inflation expectations have already fallen
due to a stronger BRL and lower oil prices.

• In our tactical asset allocation for local portfolios,
we keep floating rate bonds and inflation-
indexed bonds as Attractive, move local equities to
Neutral from Unattractive, keep nominal bonds at
Unattractive, and keep global assets, hedge funds,
real estate funds, and alternative assets as Neutral.

 
As a consequence of the recent escalation in the trade
dispute between the US and China, confidence indicators
across the world plunged and markets first sold off sharply,
though they later recovered. Equity volatility surged to
pandemic highs, tech stocks saw their largest one-day rise
since 2001, US long-end yields jumped despite growth
concerns, and the USD declined despite a sharp rise in
volatility, unlike its historical trend. In short, this was a
different risk-off wave, in our view.

Most currencies have appreciated against the USD despite
the rise in trade tensions. The probability of a US recession

has risen amid policy uncertainties, US consumer confidence
dropped to its lowest since January 2021, and short-
term inflation expectations have jumped, according to the
University of Michigan indicator.

Given all of this, the global outlook continues to be very
fluid. Indeed, this time market participants have been
reacting differently compared to past high-stress situations,
especially regarding the role of the USD and US Treasuries.
This is a consequence of the market’s questioning about
how safe those assets will be in the new world. Can the
dollar lose its central role in the global financial system?
Although the United States now accounts for about 25

This report has been prepared by UBS Brasil Administradora de Valores Mobiliarios Ltda. Please see important
disclaimers and disclosures at the end of the document.



Investing in Brazil

percent of the global economy, more than 57 percent of
international reserves are denominated in dollars, according
to the International Monetary Fund (IMF). In addition, the
role of the dollar goes far beyond these statistics: it is the
reference currency for most investors in the world. In foreign
trade, 54% of global exports are invoiced in dollars; in
the financial sector, about 60% of international loans and
deposits and 70% of bond issuances use the dollar. In the
foreign exchange market, 88% of transactions involve the
American currency.

While we disagree with the view that investors no longer
consider the USD and US Treasuries to have safe-haven
characteristics, we believe that the current market reaction
may trigger some outlook changes in emerging markets
countries, like Brazil.

The focus of global investors at the Spring Meetings of the
IMF and the World Bank, which took place in Washington,
was to find clues to offer more clarity on the potential
size of the economic shocks stemming from US President
Donald Trump's tariff policy. But the finding, of course, is
that uncertainties still reign.

For Brazil specifically, inflation expectations have already
fallen due to stronger BRL and lower oil prices. Brazil’s
current interest rate level is very restrictive, but it remains
unclear if it is restrictive enough, and policymakers do not
yet have a clear picture on future decisions, according to
central bank director Paulo Picchetti. In his presentation,
he showed that the distribution of market economists'
projections, captured in the Focus Bulletin, highlights how
there is a lot of uncertainty around the estimates for inflation
ahead, as well as for economic growth expectations.

In Brazil, core inflation, which excludes volatile energy and
food prices, remains relatively elevated, indicating persistent
underlying pressures. Given global uncertainty, the Central
Bank of Brazil’s prescription is to go slow and be transparent,
according to the institution’s Economic Policy Director,
Diogo Guillen.

As inflation remains persistently above target, the risk of
de-anchoring should increase. Therefore, it is necessary to
be cautious with expectations at the end of a monetary
tightening cycle—especially when current inflation still has
resilient components, signs of a slowdown in activity are
incipient, and the fiscal anchor remains fragile.

The BC could opt to short cut its tightening cycle, and even
start cutting earlier than expected, especially if the USDBRL
stays close to current levels in the coming months.

Fiscal challenges

The project that the government sent to Congress for the
2026 Budget Guidelines Law (LDO) explicitly spelled out the
difficulties of the fiscal framework. According to experts in
public accounts, the rules that were approved already in the
current Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva government will become
unsustainable if nothing is done in the coming years.

Even if it opts for a reform—which can be complex from a
political point of view at this point—it will likely be difficult to
save the framework in the face of the strong pace of growth
in mandatory spending, in our view.

This pace is driven, for example, by the policy of real
increases (above inflation) in the minimum wage. The theme
was a campaign promise of President Lula and is one of the
pillars of his government.

We see increasing fiscal pressure in the coming quarters,
especially in a situation where the government’s popularity
is low and could face a hard time to recover. This situation
can pressure local assets, even in a situation where the BCB
is cutting rates.

Investment implications: Local asset allocation

Nominal bonds recently benefited from the drop in
breakeven inflation in the markets, which came as a
consequence of the rally in the BRL. The commodity price
drop also contributed to the fall in inflation expectations,
as the global markets adjusted to the risk of lower activity
across the globe. Markets are currently expecting the policy
rate to be cut by the second half of the year, six months
earlier than what was expected one month ago. We keep
nominal bonds as Unattractive.

We still favor floating-rate bonds, which presently offer
attractive real returns of approximately 8.5% above the
expected 12-month inflation print. This substantial yield
cushion provides valuable defensiveness against potential
inflationary surprises in the coming months.

Inflation-linked bonds are our favorite asset class currently,
offering real yields of around 7.6%. These bonds are trading
at real interest rates above historical averages and provide
a useful hedge should inflation continue to accelerate or if
the BCB unexpectedly pauses its tightening cycle. At current
valuations, the carry offered by inflation-linked bonds is
comparable to that of floating-rate instruments, assuming
yields remain relatively stable in the near term. As a
consequence, the carry is high enough to show competitive
returns when compared to floating-rate bonds, and they still
offer a hedge for inflation.

2



Investing in Brazil

Local equities are facing headwinds amid slowing economic
activity, persistent inflationary pressures, and sustained high
interest rates. In the short term, we believe domestic investor
flows into equities will likely remain negative. However, we
see increased attraction by foreign investors in emerging
markets equities and currencies, as a consequence of the
tariffs tensions impacting negatively the USD. Based on our
base-case scenario of no recession in the US, extreme low
valuations in terms of historical price earnings ratio and
foreign investors' interest on emerging markets, we move
local equities to Neutral from Unattractive.

Global assets
Over the balance of 2025, we also see scope for a tactical
recovery in US risk assets. We believe that tariffs are likely
to have a relatively larger impact on the US economy than
on most other large global economies. In our base case, we
now expect US economic growth of 1.5% in 2025 versus
the expectation of more than 2% growth we held earlier this
year. We expect growth of 0.7% for the Eurozone in 2025
(around 0.2 percentage point weaker than when we entered
the year) and below 4% for China (roughly 0.5 percentage
point weaker).

If maintained, tariffs are also likely to adversely affect the
US’s long-term growth potential. The imposition of tariffs
not only disrupts current trade flows, but is also likely to
discourage investment and erode productivity in the US
tradable goods sector.

Our base case is that the Fed will cut interest rates by 75-100
basis points this year. But in the near term, the Fed’s policy
flexibility appears to be more limited as it has to balance
growth concerns against the risk of a resurgence in inflation.

We also do not expect additional US fiscal stimulus this year.
The US has run fiscal deficits of 5.3-6.3% of GDP for the past
three years. With the US debt-to-GDP ratio at 123% as of
December 2024, and amid growing concerns about the US
fiscal trajectory both in Washington and on Wall Street, we
do not expect the fiscal deficit to rise significantly. In our base
case, we do see tax cuts introduced in 2017 being extended,
but doing this would only represent the absence of fiscal
tightening, rather than fresh stimulus.

In recent years, a key driver of US equity market
exceptionalism has been the performance of the US
technology sector. Since the launch of ChatGPT in
November 2022, the Magnificent 7 stocks have accounted
for close to 60% of the S&P 500’s gains.

Looking forward, we believe that the trend of innovation as
a driver of long-term US—and, by extension, global—equity

market performance will continue, despite potential near-
term economic challenges and tariff headwinds.

In the long run, we continue to expect US companies to
remain among the leaders in driving global corporate profit
growth as they supply innovative products to the global
economy. But we acknowledge that results for the next
quarters may remain volatile as businesses adapt to the new
environment with tariffs and elevated uncertainty.

USD quality fixed income will also remain an important part
of portfolio diversification for investors, providing liquidity,
income, and portfolio stability, in our view.

Gold has been the standout performer of 2025 so
far. Purchases of exchange-traded funds (ETFs) have
increased recently alongside ongoing central bank demand,
supporting the precious metal. While our forecast stands at
USD 3,500/oz at present, if US political uncertainty extends
further, leading to greater demand for perceived “safe
havens,” we believe gold could rise toward our upside risk
case (i.e., adverse macro scenario) of USD 3,800/oz.

We keep global assets, hedge funds, and real estate funds
as Neutral in our tactical asset allocation.

Summing up, in our tactical asset allocation for local
portfolios we keep floating rate bonds and inflation-indexed
bonds as Attractive, move local equities to Neutral from
Unattractive, keep nominal bonds at Unattractive, and keep
global assets, hedge funds, real estate funds, and alternative
assets as Neutral.

3



Non-Traditional Assets

Non-traditional asset classes are alternative investments that include hedge funds, private equity, real estate, and managed 
futures (collectively, alternative investments). Interests of alternative investment funds are sold only to qualified investors, and 
only by means of offering documents that include information about the risks, performance and expenses of alternative investment 
funds, and which clients are urged to read carefully before subscribing and retain. An investment in an alternative investment fund 
is speculative and involves significant risks.  Specifically, these investments (1) are not mutual funds and are not subject to the same 
regulatory requirements as mutual funds; (2) may have performance that is volatile, and investors may lose all or a substantial amount 
of their investment; (3) may engage in leverage and other speculative investment practices that may increase the risk of investment 
loss; (4) are long-term, illiquid investments, there is generally no secondary market for the interests of a fund, and none is expected 
to develop; (5) interests of alternative investment funds typically will be illiquid and subject to restrictions on transfer; (6) may not be 
required to provide periodic pricing or valuation information to investors; (7) generally involve complex tax strategies and there may 
be delays in distributing tax information to investors; (8) are subject to high fees, including management fees and other fees and 
expenses, all of which will reduce profits. 

Interests in alternative investment funds are not deposits or obligations of, or guaranteed or endorsed by, any bank or other insured 
depository institution, and are not federally insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, the Federal Reserve Board, or any 
other governmental agency. Prospective investors should understand these risks and have the financial ability and willingness to accept 
them for an extended period of time before making an investment in an alternative investment fund and should consider an alternative 
investment fund as a supplement to an overall investment program. 

In addition to the risks that apply to alternative investments generally, the following are additional risks related to an investment in 
these strategies:

 Hedge Fund Risk: There are risks specifically associated with investing in hedge funds, which may include risks associated with
investing in short sales, options, small-cap stocks, “junk bonds,” derivatives, distressed securities, non-U.S. securities and illiquid
investments.

 Managed Futures: There are risks specifically associated with investing in managed futures programs. For example, not all managers
focus on all strategies at all times, and managed futures strategies may have material directional elements.

 Real Estate: There are risks specifically associated with investing in real estate products and real estate investment trusts. They
involve risks associated with debt, adverse changes in general economic or local market conditions, changes in governmental, tax,
real estate and zoning laws or regulations, risks associated with capital calls and, for some real estate products, the risks associated
with the ability to qualify for favorable treatment under the federal tax laws.

 Private Equity: There are risks specifically associated with investing in private equity. Capital calls can be made on short notice,
and the failure to meet capital calls can result in significant adverse consequences including, but not limited to, a total loss of
investment.

 Foreign Exchange/Currency Risk: Investors in securities of issuers located outside of the United States should be aware that even
for securities denominated in U.S. dollars, changes in the exchange rate between the U.S. dollar and the issuer’s “home” currency
can have unexpected effects on the market value and liquidity of those securities. Those securities may also be affected by other
risks (such as political, economic or regulatory changes) that may not be readily known to a U.S. investor.

Emerging Market Investments
Investors should be aware that Emerging Market assets are subject to, amongst others, potential risks linked to currency volatility, 
abrupt changes in the cost of capital and the economic growth outlook, as well as regulatory and socio-political risk, interest rate risk 
and higher credit risk. Assets can sometimes be very illiquid and liquidity conditions can abruptly worsen. CIO GWM generally 
recommends only those securities it believes have been registered under Federal U.S. registration rules (Section 12 of the Securities 
Exchange Act of 1934) and individual State registration rules (commonly known as "Blue Sky" laws). Prospective investors should be 
aware that to the extent permitted under US law, CIO GWM may from time to time recommend bonds that are not registered under 
US or State securities laws. These bonds may be issued in jurisdictions where the level of required disclosures to be made by issuers is 
not as frequent or complete as that required by US laws. For more background on emerging markets generally, see the CIO GWM 
Education Notes, Emerging Market Bonds: Understanding Emerging Market Bonds, 12 August 2009 and Emerging Markets Bonds: 
Understanding Sovereign Risk, 17 December 2009. Investors interested in holding bonds for a longer period are advised to select the 
bonds of those sovereigns with the highest credit ratings (in the investment grade band). Such an approach should decrease the risk 
that an investor could end up holding bonds on which the sovereign has defaulted. Sub-investment grade bonds are recommended 
only for clients with a higher risk tolerance and who seek to hold higher yielding bonds for shorter periods only. 

1637955_49f46bee-f113-4efd-9b90-25956c8cc9bd.pdf

bellomjo
Text Box



Investing in Brazil

Appendix

Risk information
UBS Chief Investment Office's ("CIO") investment views are prepared and published by the Global Wealth Management
business of UBS Switzerland AG (regulated by FINMA in Switzerland) or its affiliates ("UBS"), part of UBS Group AG ("UBS
Group"). UBS Group includes former Credit Suisse AG, its subsidiaries, branches and affiliates. Additional disclaimer relevant
to Credit Suisse Wealth Management follows at the end of this section.
The investment views have been prepared in accordance with legal requirements designed to promote the independence
of investment research.
Generic investment research – Risk information:
This publication is for your information only and is not intended as an offer, or a solicitation of an offer, to buy or sell
any investment or other specific product. The analysis contained herein does not constitute a personal recommendation or
take into account the particular investment objectives, investment strategies, financial situation and needs of any specific
recipient. It is based on numerous assumptions. Different assumptions could result in materially different results. Certain
services and products are subject to legal restrictions and cannot be offered worldwide on an unrestricted basis and/or may
not be eligible for sale to all investors. All information and opinions expressed in this document were obtained from sources
believed to be reliable and in good faith, but no representation or warranty, express or implied, is made as to its accuracy
or completeness (other than disclosures relating to UBS). All information and opinions as well as any forecasts, estimates
and market prices indicated are current as of the date of this report, and are subject to change without notice. Opinions
expressed herein may differ or be contrary to those expressed by other business areas or divisions of UBS as a result of using
different assumptions and/or criteria.
In no circumstances may this document or any of the information (including any forecast, value, index or other calculated
amount ("Values")) be used for any of the following purposes (i) valuation or accounting purposes; (ii) to determine the
amounts due or payable, the price or the value of any financial instrument or financial contract; or (iii) to measure the
performance of any financial instrument including, without limitation, for the purpose of tracking the return or performance
of any Value or of defining the asset allocation of portfolio or of computing performance fees. By receiving this document
and the information you will be deemed to represent and warrant to UBS that you will not use this document or otherwise
rely on any of the information for any of the above purposes. UBS and any of its directors or employees may be entitled at
any time to hold long or short positions in investment instruments referred to herein, carry out transactions involving relevant
investment instruments in the capacity of principal or agent, or provide any other services or have officers, who serve as
directors, either to/for the issuer, the investment instrument itself or to/for any company commercially or financially affiliated
to such issuers. At any time, investment decisions (including whether to buy, sell or hold securities) made by UBS and its
employees may differ from or be contrary to the opinions expressed in UBS research publications. Some investments may not
be readily realizable since the market in the securities is illiquid and therefore valuing the investment and identifying the risk
to which you are exposed may be difficult to quantify. UBS relies on information barriers to control the flow of information
contained in one or more areas within UBS, into other areas, units, divisions or affiliates of UBS. Futures and options trading
is not suitable for every investor as there is a substantial risk of loss, and losses in excess of an initial investment may occur.
Past performance of an investment is no guarantee for its future performance. Additional information will be made available
upon request. Some investments may be subject to sudden and large falls in value and on realization you may receive back
less than you invested or may be required to pay more. Changes in foreign exchange rates may have an adverse effect on
the price, value or income of an investment. The analyst(s) responsible for the preparation of this report may interact with
trading desk personnel, sales personnel and other constituencies for the purpose of gathering, synthesizing and interpreting
market information.
Different areas, groups, and personnel within UBS Group may produce and distribute separate research products
independently of each other. For example, research publications from CIO are produced by UBS Global Wealth
Management. UBS Global Research is produced by UBS Investment Bank. Research methodologies and rating systems
of each separate research organization may differ, for example, in terms of investment recommendations, investment
horizon, model assumptions, and valuation methods. As a consequence, except for certain economic forecasts (for which
UBS CIO and UBS Global Research may collaborate), investment recommendations, ratings, price targets, and valuations
provided by each of the separate research organizations may be different, or inconsistent. You should refer to each relevant
research product for the details as to their methodologies and rating system. Not all clients may have access to all products
from every organization. Each research product is subject to the policies and procedures of the organization that produces it.
The compensation of the analyst(s) who prepared this report is determined exclusively by research management and senior
management (not including investment banking). Analyst compensation is not based on investment banking, sales and
trading or principal trading revenues, however, compensation may relate to the revenues of UBS Group as a whole, of which
investment banking, sales and trading and principal trading are a part.
Tax treatment depends on the individual circumstances and may be subject to change in the future. UBS does not provide
legal or tax advice and makes no representations as to the tax treatment of assets or the investment returns thereon both in
general or with reference to specific client's circumstances and needs. We are of necessity unable to take into account the

5



Investing in Brazil

particular investment objectives, financial situation and needs of our individual clients and we would recommend that you
take financial and/or tax advice as to the implications (including tax) of investing in any of the products mentioned herein.
This material may not be reproduced or copies circulated without prior authority of UBS. Unless otherwise agreed in writing
UBS expressly prohibits the distribution and transfer of this material to third parties for any reason. UBS accepts no liability
whatsoever for any claims or lawsuits from any third parties arising from the use or distribution of this material. This report
is for distribution only under such circumstances as may be permitted by applicable law. For information on the ways in
which CIO manages conflicts and maintains independence of its investment views and publication offering, and research
and rating methodologies, please visit www.ubs.com/research-methodology. Additional information on the relevant authors
of this publication and other CIO publication(s) referenced in this report; and copies of any past reports on this topic; are
available upon request from your client advisor.
Important Information About Sustainable Investing Strategies: Sustainable investing strategies aim to consider
and incorporate environmental, social and governance (ESG) factors into investment process and portfolio construction.
Strategies across geographies approach ESG analysis and incorporate the findings in a variety of ways. Incorporating ESG
factors or Sustainable Investing considerations may inhibit UBS’s ability to participate in or to advise on certain investment
opportunities that otherwise would be consistent with the Client’s investment objectives. The returns on a portfolio
incorporating ESG factors or Sustainable Investing considerations may be lower or higher than portfolios where ESG factors,
exclusions, or other sustainability issues are not considered by UBS, and the investment opportunities available to such
portfolios may differ.
External Asset Managers / External Financial Consultants: In case this research or publication is provided to an External
Asset Manager or an External Financial Consultant, UBS expressly prohibits that it is redistributed by the External Asset
Manager or the External Financial Consultant and is made available to their clients and/or third parties.
USA: Distributed to US persons only by UBS Financial Services Inc. or UBS Securities LLC, subsidiaries of UBS AG. UBS
Switzerland AG, UBS Europe SE, UBS Bank, S.A., UBS Brasil Administradora de Valores Mobiliarios Ltda, UBS Asesores Mexico,
S.A. de C.V., UBS SuMi TRUST Wealth Management Co., Ltd., UBS Wealth Management Israel Ltd and UBS Menkul Degerler
AS are affiliates of UBS AG. UBS Financial Services Inc. accepts responsibility for the content of a report prepared
by a non-US affiliate when it distributes reports to US persons. All transactions by a US person in the securities
mentioned in this report should be effected through a US-registered broker dealer affiliated with UBS, and not
through a non-US affiliate. The contents of this report have not been and will not be approved by any securities
or investment authority in the United States or elsewhere. UBS Financial Services Inc. is not acting as a municipal
advisor to any municipal entity or obligated person within the meaning of Section 15B of the Securities Exchange
Act (the "Municipal Advisor Rule") and the opinions or views contained herein are not intended to be, and do
not constitute, advice within the meaning of the Municipal Advisor Rule.
For country information, please visit ubs.com/cio-country-disclaimer-gr or ask your client advisor for the full disclaimer.
Additional Disclaimer relevant to Credit Suisse Wealth Management
You receive this document in your capacity as a client of Credit Suisse Wealth Management. Your personal data will be
processed in accordance with the Credit Suisse privacy statement accessible at your domicile through the official Credit
Suisse website https://www.credit-suisse.com. In order to provide you with marketing materials concerning our products
and services, UBS Group AG and its subsidiaries may process your basic personal data (i.e. contact details such as name, e-
mail address) until you notify us that you no longer wish to receive them. You can optout from receiving these materials at
any time by informing your Relationship Manager.
Except as otherwise specified herein and/or depending on the local Credit Suisse entity from which you are receiving this
report, this report is distributed by UBS Switzerland AG, authorised and regulated by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory
Authority (FINMA).
Version D/2024. CIO82652744
© UBS 2025. The key symbol and UBS are among the registered and unregistered trademarks of UBS. All rights reserved.

6

http://www.ubs.com/research-methodology
https://www.ubs.com/global/en/wealthmanagement/insights/chief-investment-office/country-disclaimer-gr.html
https://www.credit-suisse.com/

