
30 April 2025, 03:48PM UTC
Chief Investment Office GWM
Investment Research

The impact of US tariff exemptions on China
Chinese economy
 
 Authors: Yifan Hu, CIO Greater China and Head Macroeconomics APAC, UBS AG Hong Kong Branch; Kathy Li, CFA, Macro Strategist, UBS AG Hong
Kong Branch

• The US tariff rollbacks on electronics and autos are
encouraging but piecemeal for China, with ~60% of
Chinese exports to the US still facing a 145% tariff
hike.

• China appears to be in no hurry to enter into trade
talks with the US and has officially denied formal
negotiations with the US thus far.

• We think US reciprocal tariffs will need to fall to
sub-34%, at a minimum, before China enters talks.

Source: Getty images

 
The US has made a few product-based tariff exemptions or
roll-backs in recent few weeks, alongside some back-and-
forth positioning over China tariffs.

Auto tariff concessions. President Donald Trump signed
an Executive Order on 29 April to ease some auto tariffs.
First, automakers can get a tariff rebate on auto parts of up
to 3.75% of US-made car sales for year one (3 Apr 2025 to
30 Apr 2026); and up to 2.5% in year two. Notably, USMCA
compliant parts in Mexico/Canada for US vehicle assembly
will remain exempt.

Furthermore, foreign-made autos facing 25% tariffs won't
be subjected to other tariffs i.e., steel & aluminum, and
fentanyl tariffs, though there appears to be a separate clause
that China’s 20% fentanyl tariffs still stack.

This could be marginally positive for the Chinese auto parts
industry, whose exports to the US amounted to about USD
17bn in 2024, or 17% of China's auto part exports. But
given China’s auto parts' tariffs still amount to about 70%,
even after the 3.75% rebate, we think the new rule may
result in further rerouting / production relocation toward
countries like Mexico. The direct impact on China's auto
exports to the US would be more limited, given minimal

exposure to the US—USD 3.7bn in 2024 or 3% of China's
total auto exports.

Electronic-related exemptions. On 12 April, the US
announced the exemption of electronic goods from
reciprocal tariffs, including imports from China, mainly
smartphones, computers and some other electronic
products. The value of Chinese goods on the exemption list
is estimated at about USD 100bn, representing nearly 20%
of China’s total exports to the US. Note that the US depends
heavily on China’s consumer electronic imports, especially
game consoles (86%), PC monitors (79%), smartphones
(73%) and laptops (66%), imported from China last year.

This report has been prepared by UBS AG Hong Kong Branch. Please see important disclaimers and disclosures at
the end of the document.



Chinese economy

Key US imports from China (2024 value)

Source: US International Trade Commission, Bloomberg

More tariff rollbacks likely. Trump has signaled to
'substantially reduce' tariffs on China from the current
145%. It’s possible that the US will exempt further products
where it has a high reliance on China, such as lithium-ion
batteries, imports of which totalled USD 17bn in 2024, with
China accounting for 70% of those US imports.

Moreover, the US is highly reliant on China for rare
earths, which are essential in the production of an array
of products ranging from military drones to electric cars
and consumer electronics. China controls ~80% of global
rare earth processing capacity and has recently tightened
export restrictions on medium to heavy rare earths in
retaliation to the US tariffs. Approximately 70% of all US
rare earth imports came from China between 2020 and
2023 according to a US Geological report, with no domestic
processing of heavy rare earths like dysprosium.

China’s stance on trade talks. The exemptions thus far are
encouraging, but remain prohibitively high, with ~60% of
Chinese exports to the US still subject to a 145% tariff hike.
China appears to be in no hurry to enter into trade talks with
the US. Beijing’s stance is clear: “if there is a fight, we are
ready; if there is an opportunity to talk, we are open”. In our
view, this implies Beijing will wait for the US to offer further
concessions. China has officially denied formal negotiations
with the US thus far.

Negotiations are also impacted by trade dependencies. The
US depends heavily on electronic imports from China—
likely why the US has exempted or reduced tariffs on
many of these products to date. In contrast, it seems
easier for China to diversify its imports from the US—
aircraft and agricultural products being two examples where
China may incrementally increase its purchase of European
aircraft and source greater quantities of soybeans from Brazil
and Argentina. China is also reported to be mulling an
exemption list worth around USD 46bn, or 28% of China’s

imports from the US including aircraft, semiconductor, and
pharmaceutical products.

In our view, we think the US reciprocal tariffs will need to
fall to sub-34%, at a minimum, before China enters talks.

China imports from the US (2024 value)

Source: China Customs, CEIC, UBS

2



Chinese economy

Appendix

Risk information
UBS Chief Investment Office's ("CIO") investment views are prepared and published by the Global Wealth Management
business of UBS Switzerland AG (regulated by FINMA in Switzerland) or its affiliates ("UBS"), part of UBS Group AG ("UBS
Group"). UBS Group includes former Credit Suisse AG, its subsidiaries, branches and affiliates. Additional disclaimer relevant
to Credit Suisse Wealth Management follows at the end of this section.
The investment views have been prepared in accordance with legal requirements designed to promote the independence
of investment research.
Generic investment research – Risk information:
This publication is for your information only and is not intended as an offer, or a solicitation of an offer, to buy or sell
any investment or other specific product. The analysis contained herein does not constitute a personal recommendation or
take into account the particular investment objectives, investment strategies, financial situation and needs of any specific
recipient. It is based on numerous assumptions. Different assumptions could result in materially different results. Certain
services and products are subject to legal restrictions and cannot be offered worldwide on an unrestricted basis and/or may
not be eligible for sale to all investors. All information and opinions expressed in this document were obtained from sources
believed to be reliable and in good faith, but no representation or warranty, express or implied, is made as to its accuracy
or completeness (other than disclosures relating to UBS). All information and opinions as well as any forecasts, estimates
and market prices indicated are current as of the date of this report, and are subject to change without notice. Opinions
expressed herein may differ or be contrary to those expressed by other business areas or divisions of UBS as a result of using
different assumptions and/or criteria.
In no circumstances may this document or any of the information (including any forecast, value, index or other calculated
amount ("Values")) be used for any of the following purposes (i) valuation or accounting purposes; (ii) to determine the
amounts due or payable, the price or the value of any financial instrument or financial contract; or (iii) to measure the
performance of any financial instrument including, without limitation, for the purpose of tracking the return or performance
of any Value or of defining the asset allocation of portfolio or of computing performance fees. By receiving this document
and the information you will be deemed to represent and warrant to UBS that you will not use this document or otherwise
rely on any of the information for any of the above purposes. UBS and any of its directors or employees may be entitled at
any time to hold long or short positions in investment instruments referred to herein, carry out transactions involving relevant
investment instruments in the capacity of principal or agent, or provide any other services or have officers, who serve as
directors, either to/for the issuer, the investment instrument itself or to/for any company commercially or financially affiliated
to such issuers. At any time, investment decisions (including whether to buy, sell or hold securities) made by UBS and its
employees may differ from or be contrary to the opinions expressed in UBS research publications. Some investments may not
be readily realizable since the market in the securities is illiquid and therefore valuing the investment and identifying the risk
to which you are exposed may be difficult to quantify. UBS relies on information barriers to control the flow of information
contained in one or more areas within UBS, into other areas, units, divisions or affiliates of UBS. Futures and options trading
is not suitable for every investor as there is a substantial risk of loss, and losses in excess of an initial investment may occur.
Past performance of an investment is no guarantee for its future performance. Additional information will be made available
upon request. Some investments may be subject to sudden and large falls in value and on realization you may receive back
less than you invested or may be required to pay more. Changes in foreign exchange rates may have an adverse effect on
the price, value or income of an investment. The analyst(s) responsible for the preparation of this report may interact with
trading desk personnel, sales personnel and other constituencies for the purpose of gathering, synthesizing and interpreting
market information.
Different areas, groups, and personnel within UBS Group may produce and distribute separate research products
independently of each other. For example, research publications from CIO are produced by UBS Global Wealth
Management. UBS Global Research is produced by UBS Investment Bank. Research methodologies and rating systems
of each separate research organization may differ, for example, in terms of investment recommendations, investment
horizon, model assumptions, and valuation methods. As a consequence, except for certain economic forecasts (for which
UBS CIO and UBS Global Research may collaborate), investment recommendations, ratings, price targets, and valuations
provided by each of the separate research organizations may be different, or inconsistent. You should refer to each relevant
research product for the details as to their methodologies and rating system. Not all clients may have access to all products
from every organization. Each research product is subject to the policies and procedures of the organization that produces it.
The compensation of the analyst(s) who prepared this report is determined exclusively by research management and senior
management (not including investment banking). Analyst compensation is not based on investment banking, sales and
trading or principal trading revenues, however, compensation may relate to the revenues of UBS Group as a whole, of which
investment banking, sales and trading and principal trading are a part.
Tax treatment depends on the individual circumstances and may be subject to change in the future. UBS does not provide
legal or tax advice and makes no representations as to the tax treatment of assets or the investment returns thereon both in
general or with reference to specific client's circumstances and needs. We are of necessity unable to take into account the

3



Chinese economy

particular investment objectives, financial situation and needs of our individual clients and we would recommend that you
take financial and/or tax advice as to the implications (including tax) of investing in any of the products mentioned herein.
This material may not be reproduced or copies circulated without prior authority of UBS. Unless otherwise agreed in writing
UBS expressly prohibits the distribution and transfer of this material to third parties for any reason. UBS accepts no liability
whatsoever for any claims or lawsuits from any third parties arising from the use or distribution of this material. This report
is for distribution only under such circumstances as may be permitted by applicable law. For information on the ways in
which CIO manages conflicts and maintains independence of its investment views and publication offering, and research
and rating methodologies, please visit www.ubs.com/research-methodology. Additional information on the relevant authors
of this publication and other CIO publication(s) referenced in this report; and copies of any past reports on this topic; are
available upon request from your client advisor.
Important Information About Sustainable Investing Strategies: Sustainable investing strategies aim to consider
and incorporate environmental, social and governance (ESG) factors into investment process and portfolio construction.
Strategies across geographies approach ESG analysis and incorporate the findings in a variety of ways. Incorporating ESG
factors or Sustainable Investing considerations may inhibit UBS’s ability to participate in or to advise on certain investment
opportunities that otherwise would be consistent with the Client’s investment objectives. The returns on a portfolio
incorporating ESG factors or Sustainable Investing considerations may be lower or higher than portfolios where ESG factors,
exclusions, or other sustainability issues are not considered by UBS, and the investment opportunities available to such
portfolios may differ.
External Asset Managers / External Financial Consultants: In case this research or publication is provided to an External
Asset Manager or an External Financial Consultant, UBS expressly prohibits that it is redistributed by the External Asset
Manager or the External Financial Consultant and is made available to their clients and/or third parties.
USA: Distributed to US persons only by UBS Financial Services Inc. or UBS Securities LLC, subsidiaries of UBS AG. UBS
Switzerland AG, UBS Europe SE, UBS Bank, S.A., UBS Brasil Administradora de Valores Mobiliarios Ltda, UBS Asesores Mexico,
S.A. de C.V., UBS SuMi TRUST Wealth Management Co., Ltd., UBS Wealth Management Israel Ltd and UBS Menkul Degerler
AS are affiliates of UBS AG. UBS Financial Services Inc. accepts responsibility for the content of a report prepared
by a non-US affiliate when it distributes reports to US persons. All transactions by a US person in the securities
mentioned in this report should be effected through a US-registered broker dealer affiliated with UBS, and not
through a non-US affiliate. The contents of this report have not been and will not be approved by any securities
or investment authority in the United States or elsewhere. UBS Financial Services Inc. is not acting as a municipal
advisor to any municipal entity or obligated person within the meaning of Section 15B of the Securities Exchange
Act (the "Municipal Advisor Rule") and the opinions or views contained herein are not intended to be, and do
not constitute, advice within the meaning of the Municipal Advisor Rule.
For country information, please visit ubs.com/cio-country-disclaimer-gr or ask your client advisor for the full disclaimer.
Additional Disclaimer relevant to Credit Suisse Wealth Management
You receive this document in your capacity as a client of Credit Suisse Wealth Management. Your personal data will be
processed in accordance with the Credit Suisse privacy statement accessible at your domicile through the official Credit
Suisse website https://www.credit-suisse.com. In order to provide you with marketing materials concerning our products
and services, UBS Group AG and its subsidiaries may process your basic personal data (i.e. contact details such as name, e-
mail address) until you notify us that you no longer wish to receive them. You can optout from receiving these materials at
any time by informing your Relationship Manager.
Except as otherwise specified herein and/or depending on the local Credit Suisse entity from which you are receiving this
report, this report is distributed by UBS Switzerland AG, authorised and regulated by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory
Authority (FINMA).
Version D/2024. CIO82652744
© UBS 2025. The key symbol and UBS are among the registered and unregistered trademarks of UBS. All rights reserved.

4

http://www.ubs.com/research-methodology
https://www.ubs.com/global/en/wealthmanagement/insights/chief-investment-office/country-disclaimer-gr.html
https://www.credit-suisse.com/

