
30 April 2025, 08:04PM UTC
Chief Investment Office GWM
Investment Research

The week ahead: Slew of central bank decisions
Forex and Commodities

Teck Leng Tan, CFA, Strategist, UBS AG Singapore Branch
Constantin Bolz, CFA, Strategist, UBS Switzerland AG
Dominic Schnider, CFA, CAIA, Strategist, UBS Switzerland AG
Wayne Gordon, Strategist, UBS AG Singapore Branch
Tilmann Kolb, Analyst, UBS Switzerland AG
Giovanni Staunovo, Strategist, UBS Switzerland AG
Jessie Ren, Strategist, UBS AG Hong Kong Branch
Patrick Ernst, CFA, FX Strategist, UBS Switzerland AG
Clémence Dumoncel, Strategist, UBS Switzerland AG

• After a peak-to-trough decline of 11% in the past
three months, the USD has managed to stabilize but
has not staged any material rebound, as markets await
fresh catalysts.

• In the week ahead, aside from monitoring progress
on bilateral trade negotiations, markets will take
guidance from various major central bank policy
meetings, including the Fed, the BoE, Norges Bank,
and Riksbank.

• Our opportunity of the week centers around AUDGBP.
The AUD has lagged the GBP in recent months, and
an AUD rebound could be unlocked if markets pare
back on elevated short-AUD positioning.

.

Source: Getty Images

The DXY index managed to stabilize this week, after falling
by 10% over the past three months. With speculative
futures positioning in the US dollar having already flipped
from elevated net-long to net-short, another step lower
in the dollar would require fresh catalysts, such as
disappointing nonfarm payroll data or a re-escalation of
global trade tensions. On the latter, we think a de-escalation
is more likely, which implies room for the dollar to regain
some ground in the very short term.

In the week ahead, the focus will be on a series of central
bank meetings in the US, UK, Sweden, Norway, Poland,
Czech Republic, and Malaysia. Among the G10 central
banks, only the Bank of England (BoE) is expected to
lower rates by 25bps, while the rest have not signaled
an imminent cut. Nonetheless, all of these meetings will
be closely watched for the central banks’ policy biases,
to gauge policymakers’ assessment of “Liberation Day”
tariff implications on their respective economies. The Federal
Reserve meeting will be scrutinized for any sign it sees

the risk as tilted toward (slower) growth or (higher but
transitory) inflation, which could shift market pricing of
rate-cut expectations (currently priced for June). Should a
more-hawkish-than-expected Fed policy bias emerge from
Chair Powell’s press conference, we would see this as an
opportunity to use any short-term USD rebounds to hedge
or diversify exposure.

Directional FX opportunity of the
week
Opportunity of the week: Long AUDGBP
We like to be long AUDGBP at 0.47 with a target of 0.505
and believe a stop-loss at 0.465 is prudent. The AUD has
lagged its peers due to broader tariff-related shocks and
the deterioration of US-China relations. However, we believe
the AUD has been unduly sold off with our modelling of
the direct tariff impacts on Australia modest, while indirect
impacts should be offset by Beijing’s commitments to policy
support. Moreover, recent less aggressive comments by
the Trump administration (on China) and some easing of

This report has been prepared by UBS AG Singapore Branch, UBS Switzerland AG, UBS AG Hong Kong Branch. Please
see important disclaimers and disclosures at the end of the document.



Forex and Commodities

retaliatory tariffs by Beijing offer some hope of a desire to
strike a deal. Outside this, recent Australian CPI and labor
data make it more difficult for the Reserve Bank of Australia
(RBA) to match more aggressive money market expectations
(of 125bps and a sub-3% terminal rate) over 12 months,
at least without more extreme global turmoil. We expect
three 25bps cuts with a terminal rate of 3.35% by year-
end. Meanwhile, rate pricing for the Bank of England is
much more consistent with our view of around one cut per
quarter over the next year. Finally, non-commercial investor
positioning shows a net-long in GBP, but they remain net-
short the AUD at relatively elevated levels.

Opportunity of the week: Long AUDGBP
AUDGBP daily, target and stop-loss

.
Source: Bloomberg, UBS, as of 30 April 2025

Yield pickup opportunities of the
week
USD: Selling the downside in EURUSD and upside in
USDCHF
The USD has weakened strongly over the last three months,
and especially after the recent US tariff announcements.
While we expect a consolidation and potentially a small
rebound on the back of trade deal announcements, we
continue to see the USD as a “sell-on-rallies” currency. We
therefore like to sell the upside in the USD. As we see the
air getting thinner above 0.85, we like selling the upside in
USDCHF at this level over a one-month horizon. Similarly,
we like selling the downside in EURUSD below 1.11.

USD: Selling the upside in USDPLN
While the zloty weakened against the euro in the aftermath
of “Liberation Day,” it rallied alongside the euro against the
US dollar. With the expected rate-cutting cycle in Poland

now well priced (as outlined below in this report), we think
investors will look to shed US dollars whenever it shows
signs of strength. Accordingly, we like to sell USDPLN upside
above 3.88 over the next month, before the second round
of the Polish presidential election on 1 June.

XAU: Selling downside in gold
In April 2025, gold prices experienced significant
fluctuations, reaching an all-time high of USD 3,500/oz
in mid-April before declining to around USD 3,300/oz by
month’s end—a 5% pullback from the peak. The elevated
volatility has been caused by several pro-risk backflips by
the Trump administration ranging from the president’s claim
he doesn’t want to fire Fed Chair Jerome Powell to a less
aggressive posturing between him and China. With our
price target of USD 3,500/oz through early 2026, we see
gold well supported by “safe-haven” demand and structural
buying. Indeed, the World Gold Council’s first-quarter
demand trends report signals ongoing strong investment
and central bank buying, with overall demand reaching
1,206 metric tons or its strongest first-quarter since 2016.
Jewelry demand, as expected, was pressured by elevated
velocity and magnitude of the rally, while central bank
purchases of 244 metric tons came in close to our 1Q
target (we forecast full-year demand at 1,000 metric tons).
Accordingly, we like to use the elevated volatility to sell price
downside in XAUUSD at USD 3,150/oz or below.

CHF: Selling the downside in AUDCHF
The Swiss franc has profited from safe-haven flows in recent
weeks, while the AUD has been punished by risk-off market
sentiment and negative newsflow about China, pushing the
AUDCHF to 0.50. We expect a recovery in the pair over
the coming months with option volatility likely to moderate
further. Hence, we like selling the downside at 0.50 over a
one-month horizon for some yield pickup.

Comments on recent opportunities
Closing of existing long USDCNY position
We close our existing long USDCNY position with a flat total
return. We initiated this position on 16 January at 7.332,
with a 7.50 target and a 7.20 stop-loss level. In the past
three months, the exchange rate has traded sideways in a
range of 7.22-7.35, as the People’s Bank of China kept the
official fixing rate fairly stable despite the rapid escalation
of the US-China trade war. With the USD now weakening
broadly, we think the upside potential for USDCNY has
significantly diminished, and we close our long USDCNY
position.

2



Forex and Commodities

Comments on select currencies
and commodities

USD: Fed meeting and tariff developments in focus
Following this week’s US labor market and core PCE inflation
data, the attention shifts to next week’s FOMC meeting.
The Fed is not expected to cut rates, so the focus will be on
its forward guidance. Recent comments from Fed officials
have been mixed: Some emphasize that inflation will have
a greater short-term impact than tariffs, while others argue
that the inflation effect is temporary and the longer-term
economic risks from tariffs should take priority. Currently,
markets assign only a 50:50 chance of a June rate cut, so
any new guidance could significantly shift Fed expectations
and the USD. Beyond the FOMC, tariff headlines remain
key market drivers. We anticipate some trade deals to be
announced in the coming weeks, which could support the
dollar in the short term. However, as our medium-term view
remains USD-negative, we would use any rebound to reduce
or hedge exposure. We see EURUSD moves below 1.12 or
USDCHF moves above 0.85 as attractive opportunities to do
so.

EUR: Limited data, focus shifts to external drivers
Last week brought a flurry of GDP and inflation data from
the Eurozone. In contrast, the coming week will be relatively
quiet, with only Eurozone PPI due on Tuesday, retail sales
on Wednesday, and German trade data on Thursday. These
releases are unlikely to trigger significant moves in the euro.
Instead, the focus will turn to the FOMC meeting and
any potential trade deal announcements, which are more
likely to influence the EUR. Following the euro’s strong
trade-weighted rally since March, we expect a period of
consolidation rather than further gains against the USD.
We anticipate the euro will remain range-bound versus the
CHF, GBP, and SEK, but see potential for losses against a
rebounding NOK.

CHF: Inflation data and global developments in focus
The strong safe-haven flows triggered by the US tariff
announcements in early April have subsided over the past
week, resulting in a rebound in both EURCHF and USDCHF.
Next week’s Swiss inflation data are likely to make headlines
as both the monthly and year-over-year figures are expected
to dip below zero. This would likely reinforce market
expectations that the Swiss National Bank (SNB) will need to
cut rates to zero, or possibly into negative territory. Current
market pricing already anticipates a cut to -0.25%. Looking
ahead, we continue to view global developments as the
primary drivers for the Swiss franc. Any trade deals with
the US in the coming weeks should weigh on safe-haven

demand, easing pressure on the franc. Conversely, if trade
deals disappoint, upward pressure on the CHF and the SNB
could quickly return. In such a scenario, we would expect the
SNB to lean against any rapid appreciation of the currency.
We regard USDCHF as capped around 0.85.

GBP: Bank of England non-event
The Bank of England has adopted a pattern of lowering
rates by 25 basis points each quarter, and we expect this
approach to continue. After pausing at the March meeting,
we anticipate another 25bps cut at next week’s meeting,
in line with market expectations. Provided the Bank’s
communication remains unchanged, this move is unlikely to
have a significant market impact. Looking ahead, we expect
the pound to remain firm against the US dollar over the
course of the year, though some short-term setbacks may
occur following the recent rally. In cross-currency terms, we
see the pound trading in a range against the euro and only
modestly stronger versus the Swiss franc. From a total return
perspective, being long GBPCHF remains attractive due to
the carry of over 4%. We also favor selling the upside in
EURGBP near 0.87.

CAD: Canada’s Liberals win minority government
Former central bank governor Mark Carney has won the
Canadian elections for Prime Minister, though with only 169
seats projected, his Liberal party is just short of the 172-
seat majority threshold. However, we expect PM Carney
to be able to get other parties on board to decide on
his planned fiscal measures. As Carney is now backed
by an electoral mandate, we think trade negotiations can
accelerate further. His announced increased domestic fiscal
spending, if enacted, would help dampen recession risks,
while also offering the Bank of Canada some headroom on
policy as it weighs both growth and inflation risks.

JPY: Holding above the key 140 level
A recent stabilization in the USD helped to push the USDJPY
back up toward 143-144, from its recent low of 140.
According to media reports, US-Japan negotiations didn’t
touch on strengthening the Japanese yen, which has been
a point of market focus. In the near term, a further USDJPY
rebound toward 145-146 cannot be ruled out, especially if
improving risk sentiment weighs on safe-haven yen demand
and leads to some liquidation of stretched net-long JPY
positioning. With implied one-month USDJPY volatility still
hovering at 12-13%, we favor selling USDJPY price upside
for yield pickup, given our medium-term bearish USDJPY
view.

CNY: Trade figure holds key as recovery stalls
China’s manufacturing PMI retreated into contractionary
territory to 49, as new trade orders plummeted. We expect

3



Forex and Commodities

upcoming export data to give us more details on the
tariffs’ first impact on trade, though the magnitude remains
uncertain due to potential front-loading of shipments and
rerouting of trade flows to circumvent geopolitical tensions.
Against this backdrop, we think the CNY’s pre-holiday
rebound against the USD will be short-lived, and we
expect USDCNY to drift closer toward our June forecast
of 7.30. Recent developments, including a conciliatory shift
in tone from the Trump administration on trade talks and
unconfirmed reports of China easing select US import tariffs,
have injected cautious optimism. However, these gestures
appear tactical rather than substantive. We maintain that
a meaningful resumption of official negotiations is unlikely
in the near term, and the persistence of elevated tariffs
threatens to exacerbate economic headwinds for both
nations.

PLN: Rate cuts are coming
The National Bank of Poland (NBP) kept its policy rate at
5.75% in April, as widely expected. However, compared
to March, its communication took a U-turn: Instead of
signaling rates on hold for a prolonged time, Governor
Glapinski indicated the possibility of near-term rate cuts,
pointing to previously downplayed downside surprises in
inflation (April: 4.2% y/y). Since then, various monetary
policy committee members have expressed support for
a near-term lower policy rate, setting up the 6-7 May
meeting for a larger cut, especially given the slowdown in
wage growth and overall weaker economic data for March.
Markets were quick to reflect the NBP’s shifting stance,
pricing in roughly an additional 70bps of cuts over the next
three months. As a result, we think the likely upcoming
easing cycle is well-reflected, and these expectations should
now be priced into the zloty. At the same time, the European
Central Bank is likely to cut its policy rate further—while the
yield differential between the zloty and the euro is expected
to moderate, the former should still have a notable carry
advantage.

CZK: Hawkish comments into the next decision
The Czech National Bank (CNB) kept its policy rate on hold at
3.75% in late March, opting for another pause and slowing
the pace of its rate-cutting cycle. US tariffs and potential
retaliation by the EU, alongside still elevated service price
growth, featured in the CNB’s communication on pro-
inflationary risks. In recent days, members of the monetary
policy committee have also struck a hawkish tone going
into next week’s meeting, highlighting that the decision
will be once again between a cut and a hold. Markets are
pricing a longer continuation of cuts than the central bank’s
guidance. Amid the tariff uncertainties, downside risks to
growth could feature more prominently in the coming
quarters, which would speak in favor of more interest rate
cuts, while trade diversion from Asia to Europe could also

have a disinflationary impact. We think the koruna remains
vulnerable against this backdrop, and think a long EURCZK
position is a good expression to account for the challenging
outlook for global trade.

BRL: Last hike?
The Brazilian central bank (BCB) has been quite an outlier
in recent months, as inflationary risks led to policy rate
hikes at a time when most other central banks are easing.
Recently, the BCB has struck a more dovish tone and next
week’s expected 50bps hike to 14.75% might be the last
of this cycle. The real is benefiting from the high interest
rate carry, but remains vulnerable to trade frictions. Nuances
are important, however: Brazil is benefiting from increased
Chinese demand for agricultural products and a rotation
of capital out of the US should also support the Brazilian
real—provided the country can maintain fiscal credibility.
Unfortunately, the current fiscal framework is challenged,
and reforms look unlikely before the 2026 elections. In
a deepening global risk-off scenario, the real could come
under pressure again.

Base metals: Tariff uncertainty and demand risks in
focus
Industrial metal prices came under pressure from late
March to early April. However, they have since begun a
cautious recovery, supported by the US administration’s
90-day pause on most increased “reciprocal” tariffs. Since
the announcement on 9 April, copper and nickel (both
up over 10%) have outperformed lead, whereas aluminum
and zinc have lagged. US tariffs and the risk of retaliatory
measures have still brought demand risks to the forefront.
Global manufacturing PMIs, which serve as a proxy for
demand, remain mixed and have yet to show the impact
of tariffs. Regionally, Europe and the US signal contraction,
while China’s manufacturing PMI declined to 49 in April
from 50.5 in March. In addition, falling copper inventories
on the SHFE (down 118,540 since end-March to 116,750
metric tons) point to ongoing physical tightness, although
China’s unwrought copper imports slipped just 0.8% y/y in
March to 470 thousand tons. Meanwhile, alumina supply
has normalized, and steady Chinese aluminum output
has weighed on aluminum prices. Zinc has also come
under pressure as concentrate availability has improved,
with several mines in Inner Mongolia and Hunan resuming
operations. As for nickel, cost support tends to kick in when
prices slip below the USD 15,000/mt mark; nevertheless,
until supply-side adjustments begin to rebalance the
market, we expect prices to remain below USD 16,500/mt.
Negotiations between the US administration and its trading
partners leave room for lower US tariffs in 2H, in our view.
For now, we like volatility-selling strategies in copper over
the next three months until greater policy, and thus demand,
clarity emerges.

4



Forex and Commodities

Data Calendar

Monday, 5 May
8:30 Switzerland CPI m/m (Apr, prior: 0%)
8:30 Switzerland CPI y/y (Apr, prior: 0.3%)
9:00 Turkey CPI y/y (Apr, prior: 38.10%)
10:30 Eurozone sentix index (May, prior: -19.5)
16:00 US ISM non-manufacturing PMI (Apr, prior: 50.8)

Tuesday, 6 May
3:00 Philippines CPI y/y (Apr, prior: 1.8%)
3:30 Australia building approvals (Mar, prior: -0.3%)
7:45 Switzerland unemployment rate adjusted (Apr, prior:
2.8%)
9:50 France Markit composite PMI (Apr, prior: 47.3)
9:50 France Markit services PMI (Apr, prior: 46.8)
9:55 Germany Markit services PMI (Apr, prior: 48.8)
10:00 Eurozone Markit services final PMI (Apr, prior: 49.7)
10:00 Eurozone Markit composite final PMI (Apr, prior: 50.1)
10:30 UK Markit/CIPS services PMI (Apr, prior: 48.9)
11:00 Eurozone PPI m/m (Mar, prior: 0.2%)
11:00 Eurozone PPI y/y (Mar, prior: 3%)
14:30 US international trade m/m (Mar, prior: USD
-122.7bn)
14:30 Canada trade balance (Mar, prior: CAD -1.52bn)
16:00 Canada Ivey PMI (Apr, prior: 55.6)
16:00 Canada Ivey PMI s.a. (Apr, prior: 51.3)

Wednesday, 7 May
Poland policy rate decision (current: 5.75%)
Thailand CPI y/y (Apr, prior: 0.84%)
0:45 New Zealand HLFS unemployment rate (1Q, prior:
5.1%)
0:45 New Zealand HLFS job growth q/q (1Q, prior: -0.1%)
0:45 New Zealand HLFS participation rate (1Q, prior: 71%)
8:00 Germany industrial orders m/m (Mar, prior: 0%)
10:00 Taiwan CPI y/y (Apr, prior: 2.29%)
10:30 UK Markit/CIPS construction PMI (Apr, prior: 46.4)
11:00 Eurozone retail sales m/m (Mar, prior: 0.3%)
11:00 Eurozone retail sales y/y (Mar, prior: 2.3%)
14:30 Czech Republic policy rate decision (current:
3.75%)
20:00 US Fed funds target rate (current: 4.375%)
20:00 US FOMC Press Conference
23:30 Brazil Selic rate decision (current: 14.25%)

Thursday, 8 May
1:01 UK RICS housing survey (Apr, prior: 2)
1:50 Japan BoJ Monetary Policy Meeting Minutes
4:00 Philippines GDP y/y (1Q, prior: 5.3%)
5:00 China exports y/y (Apr, prior: 12.4%)
5:00 China imports y/y (Apr, prior: -4.3%)
5:00 China trade balance (Apr, prior: USD 102.64bn)

8:00 Germany exports m/m s.a. (Mar, prior: 1.8%)
8:00 Germany imports m/m s.a. (Mar, prior: 0.7%)
8:00 Germany trade balance s.a. (Mar, prior: EUR 17.7bn)
8:00 Germany industrial output m/m (Mar, prior: -1.3%)
8:00 UK Halifax house prices m/m (Apr, prior: -0.5%)
8:00 Norway manufacturing output m/m (Mar, prior: 1.4%)
9:00 Malaysia BNM policy rate decision (current:
3.00%)
9:30 Sweden Riksbank rate (current: 2.25%)
10:00 Norway central bank rate decision (current:
4.5%)
13:00 UK BoE MPC vote hike (May, prior: 0)
13:00 UK BoE MPC vote unchanged (May, prior: 8)
13:00 UK BoE MPC vote cut (May, prior: 1)
13:00 UK BoE bank rate (May, prior: 4.5%)
13:30 UK BoE’s Governor Bailey Speech
14:30 US labor costs preliminary (1Q, prior: 2.2%)
14:30 US productivity preliminary (1Q, prior: 1.5%)
16:00 US wholesale inventories m/m (Mar, prior: 0.5%)

Friday, 9 May
1:30 Japan all household spending y/y (Mar, prior: -0.5%)
1:30 Japan all household spending m/m (Mar, prior: 3.5%)
8:00 Norway consumer price index y/y (Apr, prior: 2.6%)
8:00 Norway core inflation y/y (Apr, prior: 3.4%)
8:00 Sweden industrial production m/m (Mar, prior: 0.4%)
8:00 Sweden industrial production y/y (Mar, prior: -0.7%)
10:40 UK BOE’s Governor Bailey speech
14:00 Brazil IBGE Inflation y/y (Apr, prior: 5.48%)
14:30 Canada employment change (Apr, prior: -32.6k)
14:30 Canada unemployment rate (Apr, prior: 6.7%)

Saturday, 10 May
3:30 China PPI y/y (Apr, prior: -2.5%)
3:30 China CPI y/y (Apr, prior: -0.1%)
3:30 China CPI m/m (Apr, prior: -0.4%)

s.a. = seasonally adjusted, n.s.a. = not seasonally adjusted,
and * is Bloomberg expectations
Time of day: Central European Time (CET)
Source: Bloomberg, Reuters, as of 30 Apr 2025

5



Forex and Commodities

Appendix

Risk information
UBS Chief Investment Office's ("CIO") investment views are prepared and published by the Global Wealth Management
business of UBS Switzerland AG (regulated by FINMA in Switzerland) or its affiliates ("UBS"), part of UBS Group AG ("UBS
Group"). UBS Group includes former Credit Suisse AG, its subsidiaries, branches and affiliates. Additional disclaimer relevant
to Credit Suisse Wealth Management follows at the end of this section.
The investment views have been prepared in accordance with legal requirements designed to promote the independence
of investment research.
Generic investment research – Risk information:
This publication is for your information only and is not intended as an offer, or a solicitation of an offer, to buy or sell
any investment or other specific product. The analysis contained herein does not constitute a personal recommendation or
take into account the particular investment objectives, investment strategies, financial situation and needs of any specific
recipient. It is based on numerous assumptions. Different assumptions could result in materially different results. Certain
services and products are subject to legal restrictions and cannot be offered worldwide on an unrestricted basis and/or may
not be eligible for sale to all investors. All information and opinions expressed in this document were obtained from sources
believed to be reliable and in good faith, but no representation or warranty, express or implied, is made as to its accuracy
or completeness (other than disclosures relating to UBS). All information and opinions as well as any forecasts, estimates
and market prices indicated are current as of the date of this report, and are subject to change without notice. Opinions
expressed herein may differ or be contrary to those expressed by other business areas or divisions of UBS as a result of using
different assumptions and/or criteria.
In no circumstances may this document or any of the information (including any forecast, value, index or other calculated
amount ("Values")) be used for any of the following purposes (i) valuation or accounting purposes; (ii) to determine the
amounts due or payable, the price or the value of any financial instrument or financial contract; or (iii) to measure the
performance of any financial instrument including, without limitation, for the purpose of tracking the return or performance
of any Value or of defining the asset allocation of portfolio or of computing performance fees. By receiving this document
and the information you will be deemed to represent and warrant to UBS that you will not use this document or otherwise
rely on any of the information for any of the above purposes. UBS and any of its directors or employees may be entitled at
any time to hold long or short positions in investment instruments referred to herein, carry out transactions involving relevant
investment instruments in the capacity of principal or agent, or provide any other services or have officers, who serve as
directors, either to/for the issuer, the investment instrument itself or to/for any company commercially or financially affiliated
to such issuers. At any time, investment decisions (including whether to buy, sell or hold securities) made by UBS and its
employees may differ from or be contrary to the opinions expressed in UBS research publications. Some investments may not
be readily realizable since the market in the securities is illiquid and therefore valuing the investment and identifying the risk
to which you are exposed may be difficult to quantify. UBS relies on information barriers to control the flow of information
contained in one or more areas within UBS, into other areas, units, divisions or affiliates of UBS. Futures and options trading
is not suitable for every investor as there is a substantial risk of loss, and losses in excess of an initial investment may occur.
Past performance of an investment is no guarantee for its future performance. Additional information will be made available
upon request. Some investments may be subject to sudden and large falls in value and on realization you may receive back
less than you invested or may be required to pay more. Changes in foreign exchange rates may have an adverse effect on
the price, value or income of an investment. The analyst(s) responsible for the preparation of this report may interact with
trading desk personnel, sales personnel and other constituencies for the purpose of gathering, synthesizing and interpreting
market information.
Different areas, groups, and personnel within UBS Group may produce and distribute separate research products
independently of each other. For example, research publications from CIO are produced by UBS Global Wealth
Management. UBS Global Research is produced by UBS Investment Bank. Research methodologies and rating systems
of each separate research organization may differ, for example, in terms of investment recommendations, investment
horizon, model assumptions, and valuation methods. As a consequence, except for certain economic forecasts (for which
UBS CIO and UBS Global Research may collaborate), investment recommendations, ratings, price targets, and valuations
provided by each of the separate research organizations may be different, or inconsistent. You should refer to each relevant
research product for the details as to their methodologies and rating system. Not all clients may have access to all products
from every organization. Each research product is subject to the policies and procedures of the organization that produces it.
The compensation of the analyst(s) who prepared this report is determined exclusively by research management and senior
management (not including investment banking). Analyst compensation is not based on investment banking, sales and
trading or principal trading revenues, however, compensation may relate to the revenues of UBS Group as a whole, of which
investment banking, sales and trading and principal trading are a part.
Tax treatment depends on the individual circumstances and may be subject to change in the future. UBS does not provide
legal or tax advice and makes no representations as to the tax treatment of assets or the investment returns thereon both in
general or with reference to specific client's circumstances and needs. We are of necessity unable to take into account the

6



Forex and Commodities

particular investment objectives, financial situation and needs of our individual clients and we would recommend that you
take financial and/or tax advice as to the implications (including tax) of investing in any of the products mentioned herein.
This material may not be reproduced or copies circulated without prior authority of UBS. Unless otherwise agreed in writing
UBS expressly prohibits the distribution and transfer of this material to third parties for any reason. UBS accepts no liability
whatsoever for any claims or lawsuits from any third parties arising from the use or distribution of this material. This report
is for distribution only under such circumstances as may be permitted by applicable law. For information on the ways in
which CIO manages conflicts and maintains independence of its investment views and publication offering, and research
and rating methodologies, please visit www.ubs.com/research-methodology. Additional information on the relevant authors
of this publication and other CIO publication(s) referenced in this report; and copies of any past reports on this topic; are
available upon request from your client advisor.
Important Information About Sustainable Investing Strategies: Sustainable investing strategies aim to consider
and incorporate environmental, social and governance (ESG) factors into investment process and portfolio construction.
Strategies across geographies approach ESG analysis and incorporate the findings in a variety of ways. Incorporating ESG
factors or Sustainable Investing considerations may inhibit UBS’s ability to participate in or to advise on certain investment
opportunities that otherwise would be consistent with the Client’s investment objectives. The returns on a portfolio
incorporating ESG factors or Sustainable Investing considerations may be lower or higher than portfolios where ESG factors,
exclusions, or other sustainability issues are not considered by UBS, and the investment opportunities available to such
portfolios may differ.
External Asset Managers / External Financial Consultants: In case this research or publication is provided to an External
Asset Manager or an External Financial Consultant, UBS expressly prohibits that it is redistributed by the External Asset
Manager or the External Financial Consultant and is made available to their clients and/or third parties.
USA: Distributed to US persons only by UBS Financial Services Inc. or UBS Securities LLC, subsidiaries of UBS AG. UBS
Switzerland AG, UBS Europe SE, UBS Bank, S.A., UBS Brasil Administradora de Valores Mobiliarios Ltda, UBS Asesores Mexico,
S.A. de C.V., UBS SuMi TRUST Wealth Management Co., Ltd., UBS Wealth Management Israel Ltd and UBS Menkul Degerler
AS are affiliates of UBS AG. UBS Financial Services Inc. accepts responsibility for the content of a report prepared
by a non-US affiliate when it distributes reports to US persons. All transactions by a US person in the securities
mentioned in this report should be effected through a US-registered broker dealer affiliated with UBS, and not
through a non-US affiliate. The contents of this report have not been and will not be approved by any securities
or investment authority in the United States or elsewhere. UBS Financial Services Inc. is not acting as a municipal
advisor to any municipal entity or obligated person within the meaning of Section 15B of the Securities Exchange
Act (the "Municipal Advisor Rule") and the opinions or views contained herein are not intended to be, and do
not constitute, advice within the meaning of the Municipal Advisor Rule.
For country information, please visit ubs.com/cio-country-disclaimer-gr or ask your client advisor for the full disclaimer.
Additional Disclaimer relevant to Credit Suisse Wealth Management
You receive this document in your capacity as a client of Credit Suisse Wealth Management. Your personal data will be
processed in accordance with the Credit Suisse privacy statement accessible at your domicile through the official Credit
Suisse website https://www.credit-suisse.com. In order to provide you with marketing materials concerning our products
and services, UBS Group AG and its subsidiaries may process your basic personal data (i.e. contact details such as name, e-
mail address) until you notify us that you no longer wish to receive them. You can optout from receiving these materials at
any time by informing your Relationship Manager.
Except as otherwise specified herein and/or depending on the local Credit Suisse entity from which you are receiving this
report, this report is distributed by UBS Switzerland AG, authorised and regulated by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory
Authority (FINMA).
Version D/2024. CIO82652744
© UBS 2025. The key symbol and UBS are among the registered and unregistered trademarks of UBS. All rights reserved.

7

http://www.ubs.com/research-methodology
https://www.ubs.com/global/en/wealthmanagement/insights/chief-investment-office/country-disclaimer-gr.html
https://www.credit-suisse.com/

