
1 May 2025, 08:34AM UTC
Chief Investment Office GWM
Investment Research

India: Sectoral Outlook
Investing in India
 
 Author: Ruchika Modi

• The Indian economy remains sound, with US officials
indicating the country could be among the first to
seal a trade deal with the US.

• We expect Indian GDP growth of 6.0% for FY26,
down from 6.3% previously, driven by a global
slowdown amid tariff risks. The RBI has room for
further rate cuts—potentially another 75bps, in our
view—supported by inflation figures that do not
pose a headwind to easing. We expect inflation to
average around 4.0% for the fiscal year.

• At 20x P/E, the Nifty's current valuation are
slightly below the >21x peak. And we expect
earnings growth to accelerate soon. We summarize
our sectoral preferences and view financials and
consumers as our favorites among the Attractive
rated ones.

Source: UBS

 
From its April trough, India’s Nifty has already gained 10%.
Improved sentiment is partly due to the RBI’s shift to an
easing stance (both interest rates and lower risk weights
for certain segments), along with expectations of further
cuts. Another factor is India’s visible progress toward a tariff
solution, with US Treasury Chief Scott Bessent signaling one
of first US Trade deals may be with India and President Trump
terming the US negotiations with India as "coming along
great". As a result, the Nifty’s P/E has risen to 20x, although
still below the September peak of over 21x. We continue
to see upside ahead and toward year-end, especially as
earnings growth accelerates. In this note, we summarize our
outlook on various sectors and share sectoral preferences.

Financials to stand out
The Financials sector de-rated in recent years owing to (1)
moderating credit growth amid softer demand (especially
from private corporates) and a visible decline in risk
appetite for retail loans (unsecured and microfinance (MFI)
segments); (2) persistent deposit competition weighing on
banks’ margins; and (3) funding cost pressures for NBFCs, as
bank loans to NBFCs attracted higher risk weights. Currently,

Bank Nifty trades at one-year forward P/B of 1.7x versus
its 10-year average of 2.1x. Nevertheless, most companies
managed to deliver healthy returns on equity by controlling
costs, with asset quality remaining comfortable. With rate
cuts underway, improving liquidity, and easing regulations
(including the rollback of increased risk weights for bank
loans to certain NBFCs and final liquidity coverage ratio
norms that are lower than the draft guidelines), we believe
tail risks for the banking sector have decreased substantially.
Banking credit growth (March 2025 growth at 10.9% y/
y), currently at a four-year low, is bottoming out, in our
view. However, the recovery is expected to be modest in
FY26, as private corporate capex is still lagging and retail
growth is only beginning to rebound. Margins are likely
to remain under pressure in the near term, as deposit
repricing lags loan repricing when interest rates fall. Most
large and midsized banks that have already posted their
Q4 2025 results have guided for receding deposits pressure
and expectations for better loan growth. We prefer large
private banks that have managed profitability well and
can sustain it even amid elevated competitive intensity,
supported by market share gains, loan mix shifts, improved
distribution franchises, and cost optimization. We forecast

This report has been prepared by Please see important disclaimers and disclosures at the end of the document.



Investing in India

these banks to deliver mid-single-digit earnings growth for
FY26, followed by a strong performance in FY27 as loan
growth catches pace and margin pressures ease. Over the
year, we see the one-year forward P/B multiple for the large
private banks basket (four largest) potentially expanding to
its 10-year average of 3.0x from 2.65x currently.

Figure 1 - Loan growth expected to bottom in
FY25 and margins in FY26

Source: UBS estimates as of April 2025

NBFCs should benefit from easing funding pressures as
systemic liquidity and credit demand improves. Easing of
MFI stress should also aid margins. We remain selective
within non-gold, non-MFI NBFCs with strong balance
sheets, diversified loan book, and healthy return profile.
Housing Finance companies (HFCs), especially the affordable
segment, are expected to benefit from strong housing
demand.

Within non-lending financials, life insurance as a sector has
significant structural tailwinds in place, in our view, and we
prefer companies with better portfolio mix (higher share of
protection business) and potential market share gains.

Consumer: Staples poised for
recovery
India’s fast-moving consumer goods (FMCG) volume has,
over the past five years, suffered from COVID-19-related
disruption, inflationary pressures, and weak rural demand.
Additionally, small manufacturers and emerging brands
focused on premium and luxury products —thriving on e-
commerce—have delivered growth at nearly twice the pace
of large industry players, with this shift being especially
prominent in the home care and processed foods segments.
Beyond volumes, margins have also come under pressure
owing to larger discounts on online platforms, which now

account for 17% of overall FMCG consumption. With
strategic measures initiated by the government to boost
agricultural incomes and forecasts of a normal monsoon,
rural demand recovery has begun. For example, the FMCG
volume for the past quarter of calendar 2024 grew by
7.1% y/y, driven by rural volume growth of 9.9% and
festive demand, while urban volumes rose by 5% during
the period. The sector has also seen some acquisition
announcements of niche and luxury brands by larger
players, implying some consolidation.

Most FMCG companies have raised prices of their staple
products since the start of the year owing to higher raw
material costs. However, with commodity prices (such as
crude oil and palm oil) now expected to soften, margins
could improve. An increase in urban consumption following
tax cuts is another tailwind, and in the current volatile
environment, the staples sector could provide defensiveness
to portfolios. In the latest earnings (Q4 FY25), Hindustan
Unilever, which is a broad based FMCG company, upgraded
its growth outlook for the FMCG industry to expecting an
accelerating trend, compared to the earlier commentary
of moderating growth. Management also stated that they
are seeing improving industry growth in Q1 FY26. This
strengthens our view that trends in the FMCG space are
pivoting. Current valuations are at a premium—the Nifty
FMCG sector's forward P/E is at 37.7x versus 10-year
average of 33.6x. During this period, companies that have
delivered growth or turnaround have seen their multiples
expand, while others have de-rated or time corrected. We
expect this trend to continue and prefer companies with
clear visibility on business growth (volume growth, pricing
power, market share gains) and established earnings levers.

Similarly, within the discretionary space, we remain
selective, with a slight tilt toward mass-market discretionary
companies, as these could demonstrate growth despite
intense competition from localized and unorganized players.
Companies with a clear business moat in textiles and
apparel, and food delivery could perform strongly. The
hospitality sub-segment may benefit from rising affluent
spending and is relatively insulated from tariffs uncertainty.

Automobile: Steady growth ahead
Automobile sales in India over last few years benefited from
COVID led demand, new model launches, strong exports
(2 wheelers) and government subsidies for promoting EV
penetration (FAME I and II). High base effect from previous
years and slowing urban consumption weighed on PV
segment for FY 2025 which grew at a moderate 2% y/y
in terms of volume, with utility vehicles being the primary
driver. For 2Ws, volume grew at 9% y/y, decelerating in
second half of FY 2025 driven by weaker domestic volume
print. CV cycle has been soft and trends in tractors have been

2



Investing in India

improving on the back of rural recovery. For 4W companies,
we expect moderate growth at least in 1H FY 2026 given
lesser new model launches and rollback of discounts offered
in Q4 2025. Demand should be driven by SUVs and new EV
launches. For entry level models, demand could potentially
improve towards the end of FY 2026 as benefits from higher
post-tax income trickle down and salary increases post
Eight Pay Commission for Central government employees
followed by state government employees could be a
tailwind in the following period. For 2Ws, recent softness
in volumes of low cc bikes despite rural recovery is a
divergence, and we expect the trend to continue with
shifting consumer preference towards higher performance
products and intensifying competition from electric 2Ws.
Further, any risk to export momentum with FX/ crude
volatility could also be a headwind. Ongoing infrastructure
spending, government policies and replacement demand
should drive steady growth in CVs while tractor demand is
expected to remain healthy with continued rural recovery.
We also expect key commodity prices to remain subdued
amid China dumping risks and weak global demand, which
should aid margins. From the US tariffs standpoint, we
highlight there are only a couple of names in the sector
with direct impact. However, lowering of tariffs/ duties s on
automobile imports in India as a part of negotiation with the
US could worsen the competitive landscape in the sector.
We prefer auto companies with presence diversified across
segments which should insulate performance and where
there is clear market share gains potential.

IT Services: Unclear outlook
From November 2024 when President Trump came into
power till mid-December 2024, Nifty IT rallied about 13%
on the optimism that strong US performance would fuel
IT spends of companies. However, trends reversed as tariff
noise increased. As per the White House announcements
on tariffs till date, IT services are not directly subjected
to tariffs, however, second-order effects from slowdown
risks in the key economies of US and Europe could keep
the outlook hazy for these companies. YTD, NIFTY IT
Index is down 17% with Nifty IT's forward P/E at 23.6x
at a slight premium to 10 year average of 21x. While
most companies have announced deal wins in Q4 FY25
results, near term revenue guidance is soft. Commentary
from various companies indicate delayed decision-making
by clients and discretionary spending to continue to be
subdued in the backdrop of uncertain macro environment.
Despite uncertainty, FY 26 is guided to be better than FY
25. We believe downside is limited from current levels, and
any incremental news flow on easing of tariffs/ trade deals
could drive a relief rally in the sector. However, unclear
timelines and outlook keeps us on sidelines. Most IT services
have highlighted AI as an additive opportunity, and we align

with the view. INR depreciation against USD and EUR could
support earnings.

Healthcare: hospitals are well-placed in an uncertain
macro
For the Indian pharma companies exposed to the US, we
believe tariff related uncertainty will continue to dictate
stock performance. Other than tariffs, performance of
companies with US generic exposure will also be impacted
from expiry of certain key patents (e.g., gRevlimid in
January 2026) which have kept sales strong. In such an
environment, we would prefer companies with strong
specialty drugs portfolio apart from generics and hospitals
(especially for investors who can directly invest in the Indian
market), which are well shielded from all the tariff related
and geopolitical noise. Most private hospital chains are
substantially increasing their bed capacities over next few
years. We are not worried about over capacity given India
currently has just 0.79 government hospital beds per 1,000
population—far below the two beds per 1,000 population
recommended by the National Health Policy 2017 and the
global average of 2.7 beds per 1,000 population. Further,
new capacity addition for many of these players is focused
on high-complexity care, including oncology and cardiology,
which should aid margins. International medical tourism
in India that had taken a hit due to COVID induced
lockdowns has exceeded pre-COVID levels again (in terms
of number of patients). Medical tourism generally accounts
for 10-12% of hospital revenue but has higher margins,
and companies expect it to grow at almost twice the overall
industry growth rate in the near to medium term. Increasing
health insurance penetration would also drive occupancies
at private hospitals.

Oil and Gas
In contrast to global trends, fuel demand in India has
remained strong and is expected to continue growing
steadily, driven by rising economic activity, urbanization,
and population growth. The International Energy Agency
(IEA) projects India’s oil demand to rise from 5.4 mbpd
in 2023 to 6.7 mbpd by 2030—growth of 3.2%. In
the backdrop of a benign crude environment and stable
retail fuel prices, margins for Indian refiners and marketing
companies could see improving trends. The sector has also
seen some growth capex in recent years, with capacity
commissioning in phases expected from FY26. We do
not see risk from increasing natural gas substitution as
a source of energy, given processing capabilities of large
refiners across the chain. There have also been media
articles indicating the government is likely to soon approve a
onetime compensation for under-recovery by Oil marketing
companies (OMCs) on the sale of LPG cylinders/ cooking
gas, which could push earnings substantially. Potential risks
to marketing margins of the OMCs include further excise

3



Investing in India

duty imposition on petrol and diesel and capping of retail
fuel prices. Valuation for most SOE OMCs are in line with
their 10-year average, in the range of one-year forward EV/
EBITDA at 6.5-7.5x.

India: Sectoral view

Source: UBS CIO as of April 2025

4



Investing in India

Appendix

Risk information
UBS Chief Investment Office's ("CIO") investment views are prepared and published by the Global Wealth Management
business of UBS Switzerland AG (regulated by FINMA in Switzerland) or its affiliates ("UBS"), part of UBS Group AG ("UBS
Group"). UBS Group includes former Credit Suisse AG, its subsidiaries, branches and affiliates. Additional disclaimer relevant
to Credit Suisse Wealth Management follows at the end of this section.
The investment views have been prepared in accordance with legal requirements designed to promote the independence
of investment research.
Generic investment research – Risk information:
This publication is for your information only and is not intended as an offer, or a solicitation of an offer, to buy or sell
any investment or other specific product. The analysis contained herein does not constitute a personal recommendation or
take into account the particular investment objectives, investment strategies, financial situation and needs of any specific
recipient. It is based on numerous assumptions. Different assumptions could result in materially different results. Certain
services and products are subject to legal restrictions and cannot be offered worldwide on an unrestricted basis and/or may
not be eligible for sale to all investors. All information and opinions expressed in this document were obtained from sources
believed to be reliable and in good faith, but no representation or warranty, express or implied, is made as to its accuracy
or completeness (other than disclosures relating to UBS). All information and opinions as well as any forecasts, estimates
and market prices indicated are current as of the date of this report, and are subject to change without notice. Opinions
expressed herein may differ or be contrary to those expressed by other business areas or divisions of UBS as a result of using
different assumptions and/or criteria.
In no circumstances may this document or any of the information (including any forecast, value, index or other calculated
amount ("Values")) be used for any of the following purposes (i) valuation or accounting purposes; (ii) to determine the
amounts due or payable, the price or the value of any financial instrument or financial contract; or (iii) to measure the
performance of any financial instrument including, without limitation, for the purpose of tracking the return or performance
of any Value or of defining the asset allocation of portfolio or of computing performance fees. By receiving this document
and the information you will be deemed to represent and warrant to UBS that you will not use this document or otherwise
rely on any of the information for any of the above purposes. UBS and any of its directors or employees may be entitled at
any time to hold long or short positions in investment instruments referred to herein, carry out transactions involving relevant
investment instruments in the capacity of principal or agent, or provide any other services or have officers, who serve as
directors, either to/for the issuer, the investment instrument itself or to/for any company commercially or financially affiliated
to such issuers. At any time, investment decisions (including whether to buy, sell or hold securities) made by UBS and its
employees may differ from or be contrary to the opinions expressed in UBS research publications. Some investments may not
be readily realizable since the market in the securities is illiquid and therefore valuing the investment and identifying the risk
to which you are exposed may be difficult to quantify. UBS relies on information barriers to control the flow of information
contained in one or more areas within UBS, into other areas, units, divisions or affiliates of UBS. Futures and options trading
is not suitable for every investor as there is a substantial risk of loss, and losses in excess of an initial investment may occur.
Past performance of an investment is no guarantee for its future performance. Additional information will be made available
upon request. Some investments may be subject to sudden and large falls in value and on realization you may receive back
less than you invested or may be required to pay more. Changes in foreign exchange rates may have an adverse effect on
the price, value or income of an investment. The analyst(s) responsible for the preparation of this report may interact with
trading desk personnel, sales personnel and other constituencies for the purpose of gathering, synthesizing and interpreting
market information.
Different areas, groups, and personnel within UBS Group may produce and distribute separate research products
independently of each other. For example, research publications from CIO are produced by UBS Global Wealth
Management. UBS Global Research is produced by UBS Investment Bank. Research methodologies and rating systems
of each separate research organization may differ, for example, in terms of investment recommendations, investment
horizon, model assumptions, and valuation methods. As a consequence, except for certain economic forecasts (for which
UBS CIO and UBS Global Research may collaborate), investment recommendations, ratings, price targets, and valuations
provided by each of the separate research organizations may be different, or inconsistent. You should refer to each relevant
research product for the details as to their methodologies and rating system. Not all clients may have access to all products
from every organization. Each research product is subject to the policies and procedures of the organization that produces it.
The compensation of the analyst(s) who prepared this report is determined exclusively by research management and senior
management (not including investment banking). Analyst compensation is not based on investment banking, sales and
trading or principal trading revenues, however, compensation may relate to the revenues of UBS Group as a whole, of which
investment banking, sales and trading and principal trading are a part.
Tax treatment depends on the individual circumstances and may be subject to change in the future. UBS does not provide
legal or tax advice and makes no representations as to the tax treatment of assets or the investment returns thereon both in
general or with reference to specific client's circumstances and needs. We are of necessity unable to take into account the

5



Investing in India

particular investment objectives, financial situation and needs of our individual clients and we would recommend that you
take financial and/or tax advice as to the implications (including tax) of investing in any of the products mentioned herein.
This material may not be reproduced or copies circulated without prior authority of UBS. Unless otherwise agreed in writing
UBS expressly prohibits the distribution and transfer of this material to third parties for any reason. UBS accepts no liability
whatsoever for any claims or lawsuits from any third parties arising from the use or distribution of this material. This report
is for distribution only under such circumstances as may be permitted by applicable law. For information on the ways in
which CIO manages conflicts and maintains independence of its investment views and publication offering, and research
and rating methodologies, please visit www.ubs.com/research-methodology. Additional information on the relevant authors
of this publication and other CIO publication(s) referenced in this report; and copies of any past reports on this topic; are
available upon request from your client advisor.
Important Information About Sustainable Investing Strategies: Sustainable investing strategies aim to consider
and incorporate environmental, social and governance (ESG) factors into investment process and portfolio construction.
Strategies across geographies approach ESG analysis and incorporate the findings in a variety of ways. Incorporating ESG
factors or Sustainable Investing considerations may inhibit UBS’s ability to participate in or to advise on certain investment
opportunities that otherwise would be consistent with the Client’s investment objectives. The returns on a portfolio
incorporating ESG factors or Sustainable Investing considerations may be lower or higher than portfolios where ESG factors,
exclusions, or other sustainability issues are not considered by UBS, and the investment opportunities available to such
portfolios may differ.
External Asset Managers / External Financial Consultants: In case this research or publication is provided to an External
Asset Manager or an External Financial Consultant, UBS expressly prohibits that it is redistributed by the External Asset
Manager or the External Financial Consultant and is made available to their clients and/or third parties.
USA: Distributed to US persons only by UBS Financial Services Inc. or UBS Securities LLC, subsidiaries of UBS AG. UBS
Switzerland AG, UBS Europe SE, UBS Bank, S.A., UBS Brasil Administradora de Valores Mobiliarios Ltda, UBS Asesores Mexico,
S.A. de C.V., UBS SuMi TRUST Wealth Management Co., Ltd., UBS Wealth Management Israel Ltd and UBS Menkul Degerler
AS are affiliates of UBS AG. UBS Financial Services Inc. accepts responsibility for the content of a report prepared
by a non-US affiliate when it distributes reports to US persons. All transactions by a US person in the securities
mentioned in this report should be effected through a US-registered broker dealer affiliated with UBS, and not
through a non-US affiliate. The contents of this report have not been and will not be approved by any securities
or investment authority in the United States or elsewhere. UBS Financial Services Inc. is not acting as a municipal
advisor to any municipal entity or obligated person within the meaning of Section 15B of the Securities Exchange
Act (the "Municipal Advisor Rule") and the opinions or views contained herein are not intended to be, and do
not constitute, advice within the meaning of the Municipal Advisor Rule.
For country information, please visit ubs.com/cio-country-disclaimer-gr or ask your client advisor for the full disclaimer.
Additional Disclaimer relevant to Credit Suisse Wealth Management
You receive this document in your capacity as a client of Credit Suisse Wealth Management. Your personal data will be
processed in accordance with the Credit Suisse privacy statement accessible at your domicile through the official Credit
Suisse website https://www.credit-suisse.com. In order to provide you with marketing materials concerning our products
and services, UBS Group AG and its subsidiaries may process your basic personal data (i.e. contact details such as name, e-
mail address) until you notify us that you no longer wish to receive them. You can optout from receiving these materials at
any time by informing your Relationship Manager.
Except as otherwise specified herein and/or depending on the local Credit Suisse entity from which you are receiving this
report, this report is distributed by UBS Switzerland AG, authorised and regulated by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory
Authority (FINMA).
Version D/2024. CIO82652744
© UBS 2025. The key symbol and UBS are among the registered and unregistered trademarks of UBS. All rights reserved.

6

http://www.ubs.com/research-methodology
https://www.ubs.com/global/en/wealthmanagement/insights/chief-investment-office/country-disclaimer-gr.html
https://www.credit-suisse.com/

